Anderson Morning Herald August 24, 1907 

Col. Cody Here With His Show

His hair now Snow White - Recalls tragic period of his former visit to this city six years ago

At Fair Grounds Today

Col. William F. Cody, Buffalo Bill, is in town. He will be here all day and during the morning he may drive around town, but he will be at the fair grounds during the afternoon and night. 

Buffalo Bill said it had been six years since he visited the city. He vividly recalls that time for it was in September 8, 1901 when President McKinley fell a victim of an assassin. Col. Cody or Buffalo Bill had his Wild West at Marion on the day of the burial of President McKinley and Col. Cody closed the doors of his show that afternoon. 

His Hair Snow White

Col. Cody has also been across the Atlantic three years since he was first here. In that time his hair has turned from a tawny color to now white, but his face remains the same that so many admired. His appearance at the present time is more imposing than ever, and artists are forever worrying the old scout for him to spare time to pose for a picture. 

Col. Cody may take a drive around town today, but there will be no parade of the show. 

With Col. Cody or Buffalo Bill comes a band of redskins. They go in each performance. There will also be picturesque Cossacks, gilded Japanese, browned Mexicans, swarthy Arabs, stolid Teutons, and bold Englishmen. And all these will be in uniform of their respective countries. 

Lending a touch of the oriental to the far west, Colonel Cody has put on the program a wonderfully trained troupe of Arab acrobats.

There are two new additions to the program. One is the reproduction of the battle of Summit Springs, which was fought in 1869, and the other is the train holdup. In the battle scene an illustration of Indian life is given with great realism. 

Other Features

But there are other features in the exhibition besides the battel scenes, things which appeal to the fancy of old and young alike. The drill of the Fifth united States cavalry always elicits great applause, as does also the drill of the veterans of the Sixth United States artillery. 

Then there are the Devlin Zouaves the Cossacks who dash around the arena on their high saddled horses, dangling from the saddles with only one foot in the stirrup. 

Andy Belknan has to throw one of the horses before he can stride the bad tempered beast, and Annie Schaeffer in this act goes from one end of the arena to the other on a bucking bronco and his merited the title of "the only woman in the world to ride a bucking horse."

Joe Bailey

There is with the great exhibition Joe Baily, but do not fear, for Joe will never make a speech. he can do pretty much nearly everything else but talk. Joe is a thoroughbred western horse, and he dances an oriental dance, picks up a handkerchief from the ground, dances on three legs, and then bows his thanks to the applauding thousands by going down on his bended knees.
