Anderson Morning Herald August 24, 1907

Buffalo Bill Show Arrived

Now Camping At Fair Grounds

All Roads Today Will Lead Toward Big Show - Parade Will Not Be on View - Police To Get Busy

Pickpocket's Harvest

Today all roads will lead towards the fair grounds, the city's Madison Square Garden for the day, and from all indications they will be well traveled from city and farm, for Buffalo Bill's Wild West performance is there for two performances

On Twelfth Street Bridge

This morning at three o'clock the first selection of the Buffalo Bill Wild West show arrives over the Big Four from Marion, Ind., where it showed yesterday and at four o'clock the second section arrived. Charley Sells sent both sections with his hacks to haul the squaws and other employees to the fair grounds who are not concerned in pitching the tents. The wagons were taken over the Twelfth street bridge and through Park Place to the fair grounds.

The show brought with it hundreds of people of all ages and types and prominent among them being the Indians Buffalo Bill himself is here in his luxurious array and for the first time in years will be seen here this afternoon. 

Hundreds Saw Unloading

When the show arrived this morning, there were hundreds at the Ohio and Columbus avenue crossing to see it unload. There was but little time lost in the unloading, the wagons being hustled to the fair grounds where they will remain until after the performance tonight, when the outfit will be shipped to Indianapolis where it will show Monday afternoon and evening. 

No Street Parade

It will seem a little bit odd in no public parade in the streets of the city and there will be many who will not come to the city on account of no parade. Buffalo Bill is the first showman to believe his hard working employees of this part of the program. The parade is hardly needed by the man from the Wild West, however and it is expected that the city and will send as big a crowd to the performances as any show of the season has had or will have. For circus day is the big day after all the youth and adult. It is the time when the boy spends his carefully hoarded dimes and sees the wonderful things in the side shows and feed the elephant peanuts.

Blood Curdling for Boys

There will be many features of the ordinary circus missing today, for Buffalo Bill makes a feature of Wild West maneuvers, and the lumbering elephant and roaring lion whipped in a cage by a woman in tights will be missing but there will be the ambush, people of all nations, the stage robbery, crack shooting, rough riders, military drills, Bedouins, and the aerobates and pony races, features innumerable and surpassing in interest. The show bills scattered over the country and the cities have advertised it well and the boys have been ambushing and painting up in turkey feathers and belts for three weeks, making life miserable for the chickens, dogs, and members of the families. But their appetite is well whetted for the day, and they are coming with a system full of curiosity to see a show that is different from the other leading shows.

Policeman's Busy Day

Incidentally it will be a busy day for the police. Beginning at 11 o'clock this morning every man on the force will be out in uniform and on duty. Likewise it is expected the pickpocket and petty thief will be on hands and it is a pretty sure thing for newspapers that there will be a good number of reports of missing wad of money and a few scraps of war like individuals on circus day. 

Supt. Smith, of the police department, issues a suggestion that all homes in the city be closely locked or guarded during the day and evening that no house breaking may occur by thieves who hover about all circuses.
