Anderson Morning Herald August 23, 1907 pg. 1

Buffalo Bill's Wild West Tomorrow
No Street Parade but Two Performances at Fair Grounds - The Grand Opening

Buffalo Bills Wild West and Congress of Rough Riders of the World will exhibit here tomorrow. There will be no street parade, but there will be afternoon and night performances at the usual hours at the fair grounds.

"I want to get there in time to see the grand opening one often hears on the way to the Wild West Exhibition. It is enthusing and inspiring to watch the cavalcades arrive. First the Indians in flying squads representing the different tribes from which Col. Cody has drawn the red men's contingent, on their fleet ponies, in their vari-colored paints, and little else except their way trappings, come in a picturesque multitude. Then the Cowboys followed by the Mexican Vaqueros, which is only another name for the cowboys of Mexico. Then the Bedouin Arabs, Cossacks, the French Lancers, Japanese rough riders. U.S. Cavalry and artillery, each detachment of every nation followed by their commanders, separately, the whole forming a mighty cavalcade where flying ribbons, nodding plumes, draping banners and glistening arms present such "pomp and circumstance" as to dazzle the beholder. "Old Glory" comes after it all, the emblem of freedom that is known in its best way to the horseman of the open.

Then Comes Col. Cody

But the climax of this scene is the arrival of his beautiful charger, his saddle a throne of Col. W.F. Cody - Buffalo Bill - and then there is applause that only subsides long enough in this scene to hear the man who has done more to introduce the nations to their neighbors than any other man, say to the vast assembling of visitors, comfortably seated under the awnings of the far stretching amphitheater: "Ladies and gentlemen, permit me to introduce a congress of rough rides of the world," and they are there. 

Zouaves and Battle

Delvin's Zouaves will be another most interesting factor in the Buffalo Bill's Wild West entertainment. The Zouaves will be seen in lightning drills and manual of arms and will give a thrilling exhibition of wall-sealing which demonstrates the effectiveness of this type of soldiery in actual warfare. Other military features with the Wild West will be cavalry and artillery drills, tent pegging, charges, drills, and general maneuvers. Then, too, there will be stirring battle scenes, in the chief of which, The Battle of Summit Springs Buffalo Bill will be re-enact the role he originally created in actual Indian warfare many years ago.


  