Anderson Morning Herald August 25, 1907 page 1

Col. Cody Got $4000 Yesterday

Said It Was Good Day's Work

Felt fine for 68 year old and told why - show took well - the crowd an orderly one

Big Day For Visitors

Colonel William F. Cody - Buffalo Bill - came to town yesterday and made $4,000. 

His Wild West and Rough Rider show was put on before a total of 15,684 people at the fair grounds. There were 8, 461 people in the afternoon audience, and 7,223 at night. 

Colonel Cody said that was a good business, though not quite up to Marion where Friday he said the attendance for two performances was about 18,000.

Some old friends of Colonel Cody called on him at his private tent back of the exhibition arena, last evening.

In his tent he had a drugget on the ground, comfortable chairs, a couch and other things that suggested the den of a home or club. 

"You're looking fine Bill," said Major Hanna of Denver, Col. an old friend of Buffalo Bill.

"Haven't seen you since you got back from abroad," Mr. Hanna continued. 

"Yes, I'm feeling pretty good, too" responded Colonel Cody. "Yes, pretty fine for an old fellow of 68 years."

Colonel Cody said it is work in the open and in the saddle that keeps him in good shape.

The show yesterday did not differ from the exhibition here six years ago, but it took well with the big crowd. The weather was ideal yesterday, the grounds in good shape an all around it was a good show day. 

Good Day for Trade

Buffalo Bill did not get all the business nor money yesterday. It was also a fine day of business for most of the business houses. It was estimated that the number of visitors yesterday was the largest so far this year in this city. 

Well Behaved Crowd

Best one for many years - no trouble nor robbers

Superintendent Smith of the police department said last night that in his fifteen years of experience he has never seen such an orderly show day crowd as the one was yesterday. 

Nearly sixteen thousand people witnessed the two performances of the show and not a least bit of trouble was found in handling them. Not ever did the crowd have to be restrained from a jam about ticket wagons or entrances as usually is the case. It was simply a steady stream of men, women and children in good order each awaiting their turn without and fighting or shoving as to who would get in or out first.

Not a pickpocket was reported, but few drinks and thefts at the show grounds which is remarkable for a show day in a city the size of Anderson.

The usual show day fight was pulled off yesterday morning shortly after the show had started to unload. 

Two canvass men had a dispute which ended in the two fellows coming to blows. Policemen were summoned, but before they reached the scene the fighters had disappeared and were not to be found high nor low. 

The suburbs of the city were kept clean of all hoboes, thieves, bums, etc. by three policemen in citizens uniforms on bicycles. 

Four tramps were picked up in the morning and put behind the bars of the jails for safe keeping till the show crowd left the city.   
