Bedford Lawrence Mail November 25, 1886 pg. 8
Current Literature 
The Scientific American, published by [illegible] Co., New York, presents weekly to its readers the best and most reliable record of various improvements in machinery, while the scientific progress of the country can in no way be gleaned so well as by the regular perusal of its pages. 
A Living Hero.-The residents of North Platte Nebraska, fully realize the fact that a living hero has his home among them; and that Hon. Wm. F. Cody, who is popularly known as Buffalo Bill, in pluck and manliness, and all the attributes which combine to make a brave and modest man, is just as he is represented in the exciting narratives of real life in the Wild West, which have recently become so popular in the New York Weekly. On Wednesday, Oct. 6, Mr. Cody returned to his home in North Platte; and the occasion was made memorable by the hearty welcome accorded him by the populace. The public buildings, and many of the private ones, were gay with bunting, and the people turned out in a body to receive the great scout. The Mayor, Hon. George W. Hammond, welcomed him in an affecting speech at the depot, and he was tendered a banquet in the evening at the Pacific Hotel. Among other pertinent remarks made in response to the toast of which he was the subject, Buffalo Bill said, "I have tried to show that a cowboy hat is not the emblem of brutality, any more than a minister's gown is always the robe of righteousness.; I have tried to show that we, men of the West, who made this wilderness blossom like the rose, deserve a place in the memory of this mighty nation." Truthful words these, and spoken modestly too: but if you would learn what the hero who uttered them did toward making the Wild West a home for peaceful people, you must read Ned Buntline great story of "Buffalo Bill's Last Victory," just commenced in No. 5 of the New York Weekly. The exploits of living characters are narrated in this thrilling narrative, and among the brave scouts who figure therein are Buffalo Bill and Texas Jack. For sale by all news dealers, or will be sent four months for $1. A sample copy will be sent free, to any address, on application. Address all letters to Street & Smith, publishers. 31 Rose Street, New York. 

