Bloomington Indiana Student December 1, 1883 pg. 13
Editorial
It is strange that men are so enamored with trash. In no other field is this fact so obvious as in the "Field of Literature." How few are in search of the beautiful and good! But this fact can not be explained by saying that there is a dearth in literature of the beautiful and good; for, many men live and grow intellectually, be feasting on the lives and works of great men. The want must be in men and not in literature. To see a man, when the mercury stands twenty degrees below zero, go into his woodyard, where wood of all kinds in sticks of all sizes has been plentifully stored, and gather nothing but trash to keep himself warm, would be very surprising. Is there cause for everything? Has this man a cause for gathering nothing but trash and shavings? Shavings are trash and light, and wood is heavy. The cause must be in his back. 
Would it not be equally if not more surprising to see a man go into a library where the lives and works of the best of our race have been preserved, together with what we call literary trash, and in his anxious search, pass the works of the poets, philosophers, and historians by, and, in a manner which indicates great satisfaction, seize the "Life of Jesse James", "Buffalo Bill", or "Peck's Son?" There is a deficiency somewhere. Certainly it is not in literature. There is a cause for everything, and the cause of this must be in the man's head. 
This affliction of mind which causes a man to delight more in literary trash than in literary treasures, is more dangerous than that which causes a man to prefer carrying shavings to wood:- laziness. Many great men have preferred carrying shavings to wood; but no great man ever took more delight in the puns of "dudes" and clowns, than in the proverbs of philosophers and saints. Let every young person remember, that when he is seen reading this literary trash, the observer says: "There is a deficiency in your head." Beware lest "for a cap and bells your life you pay!"
And now to the one who says, "I will read this kind of literature in my leisure hours, when no one sees me." Let him remember that the wise shun secret folly, and have no leisure hours. 
