Bluffton Chronicle July 3, 1896

Buffalo Bill’s Day

Col. Bill Cody Draws Thousands to the City

The Trains Arrive Early Thursday and the Big Parade Takes Place at Ten O’clock – An immense Crowd at the Afternoon Performance – the Fact is Again Demonstrated that Bluffton is the Best Show Town in Indiana

Buffalo Bill and his Wild West show arrived in the city Thursday from Kokomo over the Clover Leaf in two sections, the first coming at four o’clock and the second pulling in shortly after six. The usual early reviews were on hand to see the cars unloaded and at six o’clock four hundred people thronged about the Clover Leaf depot and stretched necks as the packed and dusky inhabitants of the forest, the cowboys, Mexicans, Cossacks, and several representatives of various nationalities marched from the cars to the Studabaker Colds, where breakfast for six hundred awaited the attaches of the show. 

Almost equally as early, country people availed themselves of the cool morning and began driving into the city. Every part of the county contributed to the throng and before ten o’clock feed yards were crowded to overflowing and had to turn away customers. It is estimated by a majority of guessers that the number of people was fully equal to the crowd that witnessed Barnum last August. 

About eleven o’clock the parade began on Main, Washington and Market streets. The procession certainly was a study. There was nothing gaudy about it but it was simply the grouping of representatives of almost every race of people, and as these rode side by side in the long line, it could not but attract the attention of all and was remarked as a most wonderful assemblage. Everything was genuine, also, which was feature that certainly impressed itself on the beholder. 

The performance is not only entertaining, but it is so different from the ordinary circus performances as to be a decided novelty. The Mammoth tent contained eight thousand people at the initial performance in the afternoon, and throughout, the audience was given not only entertainment but instruction as well. The program opened with a grand review, in which was represented all nations of the earth, and it was a decidedly interesting study. There was a band of howling Indians, gorgeous and enthusiastic in their savagery. They were followed by Mexicans, cowboys, Cossacks, Gauchos, Arabs, scouts and regular detachments of cavalry from the armies of the United States, England, France, Germany and Russia. 

Particularly good was the exhibition of marksmanship given by Miss Anna Oakley. The skill shown by the lady borders on the wonderful. Johnny Baker also did some fine shooting, but it remained for Col. Cody himself to take the honors in this line. His skill has not been too strongly drawn by writers in speaking of it. The fests he performed while riding a horse at break neck speed – the many wonderful shots made – all seemed marvelous.  

The Arabian tumblers are without equals. They did feats of strength and agility which have never been seen before – a fact which sounds big, but is no bigger than the truth. The Mexicans use the ropes as other people cannot, and the cowboys were dragged about by horses that showed tempers like a man called to walk the baby at midnight. There was all manner of exhibitions of rough life in the West – the early stagecoach and the robbers, the pony express and the struggle between immigrants and Indians. 
