Brazil Register July 16, 1885 pg. 3
New York Letter.
Those Duels.
I asked Colonel Judson about the seven duels he fought with other midshipmen when he was thirteen on account of their refusal to mess with him. "No," he said, "I was then fourteen; I have been thinking it over. My midshipman's warrant on parchment from President Van Buren was dated Feb. 10, 1838, and that would make me just fourteen. There wasn't anything very remarkable about it, either. My condition was desperate. I had to fight or resign. I was a first-rate shot, and could ring the little bell thirteen times in succession at the shooting galleries. So, if you say anything about the duels, don't make too much of them. Then, I believe I was the strongest and quickest athlete in the navy. When I was a lieutenant, at twenty, I could walk off with 400 pounds in my two hands. I have never regretted leaving the navy, but if I had not resigned I should now be in the line of the admirals. In fact, I think that, with the exception of Admiral C. R. Rogers, I am the oldest of the officers who fought the Seminoles four years in Florida in the 'Mosquito Fleet.' That was a tough experience, and the Congressmen who are so anxious to pension everybody might profitably remember those veterans of the bayous. I'm not a beggar, though!" exclaimed the Colonel, looking around on his fertile farm. "I don't want any of their pensions." 
I showed the Colonel the World of that day, giving an account of the visit to President Cleveland of Buffalo Bill and the whole of the "Wild West" crowd. 
"That's first rate," he said. "I never shall forget the time I had putting him on his feet as a showman twelve or fourteen years ago. We had corresponded, and I had agreed to run the show. We were to meet in Chicago. I got there Thursday morning, and Buffalo Bill and Texas Jack arrived in the evening. They were to bring twenty Indian bucks for the show. Judge of my consternation when they came without an Indian? What were we to do? The biggest theatre in Chicago was hired from the next Monday night at $2,500. We had no Indians and it was an Indian show. 'We must now have a play,' I said. I went out and hired ten actors who were waiting around for something to do, and set Bill and Jack to making Indians of them. Then I went to writing a play. It was a blood-curdling and gory tragedy of the plains. Buffalo Bill was made the hero, but I was placed in a part where there was more talking to do, lest he might not be up to it. I wrote the play in six hours, handing the sheets to copiers as fast as finished, so that all could have their parts. We had three rehearsals- one on Friday and two on Saturday. My own part was not written at all. I merely hed a cue to the end, and led up to it with any sort of talk I pleased. The eventful evening came. The curtain rose on an audience of two or three thousand. I had a rambling soliloquy about frontier life and my old pards, Buffalo Bill and Texas Jack, when, at the cue, in they stalked. The audience rose and howled a welcome to them. The cheer was prolonged and embarrassing. At last it subsided, and the time came for Buffalo Bill to chip in. He had forgotten his part, and stood like a statue. The prompter gave him the words. I told him to say something-anything. He was speechless. I said 'Why, you've been off buffalo hunting with Milligan, haven't you?' That woke him up. He looked at Milligan and his friends in a box, and told in plain language the story of his last buffalo hunt. Then we all got warmed up, and the 'Scout of the Prairies' went off in a lively manner. We had made extraordinary efforts to get the audience. I lectured the night before, Sunday night, on temperance-a free lecture-and gave away handbills of the play as the audience dispersed."
