Cynthiana Argus Aug. 25 1900
Cowboys in Wild Riot
Ten men Shot, Three Dying Instantly
Round-up of Pickpockets is the beginning of the trouble and the shooting becomes general - Governor of Wisconsin asked for troops - Col. Cody Ends Riots
Prairie Du Chien. Wis., Aug. 22.-
Intoxicated cowboys and Arabs traveling with Buffalo Bill's Wild West show that is exhibiting here started riots that resulted in the shooting of ten citizens, three of whom were killed. The followers of the show rode through the streets of the city firing revolvers and guns in every direction and terrorizing the inhabitants. The police were powerless to stop the rioting, and then the citizens formed into squads for the purpose of restoring order. In collisions between these squads and the lawless band the ten citizens were shot.
Having driven off all opposition the show attaches began to tear down buildings and set others on fire. All business men became alarmed and closed their stores. The rioting continued until night, when it ceased. The city is in such an excited state, however, it is impossible to learn the names of the dead and wounded.
La Crosse, Wis., Aug. 22 - Mayor excitement prevails over the news of a terrible state of affairs at Prairie du Chien. Wis. Officers were "rounding up" a band of pickpockets fallowing Buffalo Bill's show when firing commenced and ten men were shot, three dying instantly. Others will die. It is Impossible to obtain names or further particulars.
Says One Man Was Killed.
McGregor, Iowa, Aug. 22.-Intense Anderson received a dispatch from the city marshal at Prairie du Chien requesting that militia be sent there at once, "armed and ready to fight." The cause of this appeal was a riot growing out of a quarrel between, a citizen and an employee of Buffalo Bill's show. Others joined in on both sides and it is reported that the citizen's house was torn down and one man killed.
Ask Governor for Troops
Madison, Wis., Aug. 22. - Governor Scofield received a telegram from Prairie du Chien, signed by W. M. Evans, and appealing for troops to protect the citizens from the members of Buffalo Bill's Wild West. W. M. Evans declared that three citizens of Prairie du Chien had been shot by Buffalo Bill's cowboys and Mexicans, who were rioting, and that the local authorities were helpless. Later came a telegram, signed by O. B. Thomas, state's attorney for Crayford County, also appealing for soldiers. Evans later wired that the riot was over and the troops should be held. Governor Scofield is at Camp Douglas, and the messages were forwarded to him by Colonel Starkey, the governor's secretary. Before any action could be taken, however, the second message from Evans came and ended matter.
Col. Cody Ends Riot
Milwaukee, Wis., Aug. - A special from Prairie du Chien says Thomas Vavra, a special policeman, shot Charles Triangle, an artillerymen of the wild west show, In the leg during an argument. The affair caused a riot Vavra escaped to a saloon4 under the protection of Marshal Linder and Policeman Merrill, who were seriously injured. The mob of the Wild West show broke into the saloon just as Vavra left it and completely demolished the interior of the building. Vavra's house was also wrecked. An appeal was made to Colonel Cody (Buffalo Bill), who soon quieted the mob.
