Columbus Daily Herald Sept. 7 1901
[Illustrations included in this article]
Buffalo Bill as a King Among the Ranchers
Of His Three Big Ranches the T. E. in the Center of the Rockies is His Favorite
Perhaps it is not generally known That Col. Cody, the famous scout, owns three big ranches of his own; but this is the case. His favorite, the Big- E. T. E. ranch, is situated in the very heart of the Rocky Mountains, and when the show season is over Col. Cody loses no time in "making tracks" for this ranch, where he spends the most of his leisure time hunting elk, deer, antelope, mountain sheep, bear and lions or in the more quiet enjoyment of fishing". Those who have been to Buffalo Bill's Wild West show and have seen the fate of the glass balls which he has shattered with such unerring aim while at full gallop, can be excused for wondering what chance the wild game of the Rockies has when Buffalo Bill, is once on its trail.
Col. Cody has, on his favorite ranch, 320 acres under cultivation and numerous fenced pastures, hut his stock is free to range on a wide expanse of wild government land. Of stock he has on this ranch 500 head of Herford cattle with thoroughbred Herford bulls, in which he takes no little pride; and he also keeps near him on this ranch 500 head of his finest horses. 
Col. Cody does a bigger business in broncos than almost anyone else in the country, and hundreds of his broncos are used in the cavalry service of the English, German and Russian armies. Un Carter ranch, in the Big Horn basin, he keeps 1,000 head of thoroughbred and graded horses and ten thoroughbred and imported stallions. On this ranch he has 640 acres under cultivation. Being a stock farm, the chief crop which he grows is alfalfa and timothy hay and oats. Imagine an 8,000 acre pasture land and all fenced in, too! That is the size of the pasture on the Carter ranch. The manager of this ranch is Guss Thompsons and he is by all odds the best bronco breaker on any of Col. Cody's ranches. It is the usual practice of Col. Cody to have his colts halter-broken during the first winter, but, save for this simple breaking, little attention is paid to them until they are three or four years old. They roam at will over the wild range unless they are wanted for some specific purpose. They are fed very little and learn to depend, winter and summer, upon the grass of the prairie. When they are three or four years old those that have not been handled are wild enough to give the man who endeavors to break them a lively tussle. But there isn't a horse in the country that's too much for Gus Thompson. He has earned a reputation in the Big Horn-Basin as an expert in this work.
The third range belonging to Col. Cody is' known as the Scout's Rest ranch and it is located at North Platte, Neb. This is a 5,000-acre ranch and 4,000 of these acres are cultivated and irrigated. Of the cultivated ground 2,000 acres are devoted to alfalfa and the balance to corn and grain. Col. Cody has, at present, on this ranch, 200 head -of thoroughbred horses and mules, 100 head of fine cattle and 1,000 hogs. The most interesting fact about this great farm is that it is all under the management of a woman - Mrs. W. F. Cody.
Col. Cody, at one time, made a single shipment of ten car loads of broncos, each car containing 25 animals. And some of them brought as high as $60C a pair in New York. Col. Cody has been trying the experiment of crossing the range or bronco horse with thorough bred stock and by this method he has been able to produce what he considers the finest cavalry horse in the world. He says that the high altitude in which the animals are raised gives the creature's great lung power; and that the limestone formation has a good deal to do with the strong bone, hoof and sinew of the animal. At the age of four years some of his bronco weigh from 900 to 1,300 pounds and they are a lit horse for almost any purpose.
Until recently the United States has been much less prone than European nations to look upon the western bronco as a fit cavalry mount. Now, however. Every year finds more broncos in the American cavalry. In Col. Cody's opinion they will ultimately supersede every other breed of animal far this purpose. His faith in them, he says, is based upon their activity, durability, sure-footedness, intelligence and the fact that they can carry soldiers quicker and farther on less feed and water than any other horse in existence. There are many broncos that are plenty heavy enough, according to Col. Cody, for heavy cavalry, and even for infantry work; and the United- States army is now beginning to realize this fact and to employ them in the service. Russia has become so convinced of the superiority of this hardy little animal of our western prairies that she is sending great numbers of them to Siberia for breeding purposes.
It should not be understood that the wild native horse -of the plains meets the requirements of the cavalry service; but that the ideal cavalry horse is had by crossing that animal with the Kentucky thoroughbred or the English hunting horse. The ideal horse had in this way will be more than 15 hands high and tip the scales at 1,100 or 1,200 pounds.
"There is no such thing," said Col. Cody, "as breaking down lone of these crossed animals. The creature will come out of a day's journey of 100 miles not a whit the worse for wear-and carry a heavy rider, too. The German cavalrymen didn't think much of the animal when they first saw it. They'd been used to big, heavy horses and were taken back when they saw the little range horse. But they have at last come to appreciate the half bronco, which is taller than the old native Oregon bronco and quite large enough and heavy enough to meet all the requirements of the service. The English army has used thousands of these animals in South Africa and the report is that the half bronco is the best all-around cavalry horse that has ever been used."
At the present time Col. Cody has on his ranches no fewer than 600 brood mares-and this is an indication in itself that his stock farms are run upon no small scale. In his long plains-experience Col. Cody has had many valuable animals given to him, one of which came from the noted Chief Rain-In- The-Face.
When Col Cody retires from active life it is his purpose to repair to his favorite ranch in the Rockies -where he can have enough sport with his gun to keep himself in practice.
-	MILTON B. MARKS.
