Columbus Daily Herald July 28, 1894 pg. 2
The Signal of Peace 
Fine Indian Statue Presented to the City of Chicago 
Purchased by Judge Lambert Tree at the World's Fair- Career of the Talented Western Artist who Created the Fine Group 
Near the equestrian statue of Gen. Grant, in Lincoln park, Chicago, stands Lambert Tree's latest gift to the city, Dallin's "Signal of Peace." 
The statue was in the United States section of the Art palace, and was seen and admired by Judge Tree, who determined that it should not leave Chicago. He entered into negotiations with the artist and purchased it just before going to Europe last fall. He offered it to the Lincoln park commissioners, and their acceptance of his gift was followed by an order to have it in place before the donor should return. Judge Tree reached home a few days ago, and the day before his arrival the statue was placed upon its pedestal of granite. 
The subject is purely American, the treatment heroic. A Sioux Indian sitting on his pony sees approaching him a party, to whom he gives the signal of peace, waving a feather affixed to a spear handle. The study for the statue was made in Paris at the time Buffalo Bill was there, and his warriors and their ponies were the models the artist used. In the salon of 1890, the "Signal of Peace" was exhibited, and although it was the first time Mr. Dallin had exhibited he secured honorable mention. 
Cyrus Edwin Dallin is a western boy. He was born in Springville, U. T., November 22, 1861, of English parents. At six years of age he showed artistic tendencies, and at  ten was modeling heads. Until he was seventeen he sketched entirely without instructions. In 1879 he was working in a silver mine, and from the white clay of the mine he modeled two heads which attracted the attention of C. H. Blanchard of Boston, who suggested that the was the place for the young artist. But poverty stood in the way of any thought of that kind. Mr. Blanchard, however, interested a rich friend of Salt Lake City in the boy, and in 1880 he was sent to Boston. 
For the first year and a half he was helped along and then he made his own way, working days and studying nights. In the spring of 1883 a small studio was taken and Dallin made his first design for a statue, a competitive study for a statue of Paul Revere. It won one of three prizes, and when a new model was called for from the three successful competitors the order was given to him. But because of lack of funds the statue was never erected. From that time until 1868 the young sculptor had a hard battle for existence. In the spring of that year he won in the exhibition of the American Art association a gold medal for a life size statue of the American Indian. In august of 1888 he went to Paris, and in the salon of 1890 won, by his "Signal of Peace," honorable mention, as has been stated. 
In 1899, Mr. Dallin returned to Boston, married, and went to Salt Lake City, where he received an order for a statue of Brigham Young and the pioneers. In the recent competition for a statue of Sheridan, to be erected in Chicago, Mr. Dallin was awarded a prize, and Mr. Taft paid him the high honor of saying that his design was his first choice out of the forty submitted. In short, the days of struggling with poverty are over, as far as the young western sculptor is concerned. He has done many busts, which have brought both fame and money, the most notable being those of Oliver Wendell Holmes and James Russell Lowell. 

