Columbus Daily Herald April 27 1896
Frontier Life Depicted. The announcement that Buffalo Bill's Wild West and Congress of Rough Riders of the World is soon to appear here cannot fail to excite immediate attention and arouse the interest of our readers, It is probably well known that this remarkable exhibition, after several years of immense success in Paris, London, Vienna, Rome, and other great European centers, was one of the most attractive features of Chicago life during the great World's Pair in 1893, and last year attracted enormous audiences for months at Am brose Park, New York. This year the strength of the management has been augmented by the addition of Mr. James A. Bailey of Barnum's Show, who will join his skill, experience and enterprise with that of Nate Salisbury and Colonel Cody, or Buffalo Bill, as he is better known. This great triumvirate have thoroughly revised the entertainment and added new features to the already excellent and varied program of previous years. Of course the main interest in this exhibition will center around the marvelous reproduction of frontier life during the pioneer days, with its excitements, displays of skill, endurance and courage, which will bring into the arena an army of cowboys, scouts, frontiers men and Indians, all of them bona fide, and therefore historically truthful.
The Congress of Rough Riders will include numerous specimens of the hardy and fearless horsemen of the various nations of the world, including Vaqueros from Mexico, Gauchos from South America, Bedouins from the Arabian Desert, Cossacks from the steppes of Russia. Besides this there will be mounted battalions of the finest horse soldiery in the world, representing five of the greatest armies of the globe: the Cavalry of the United States, the Royal Irish Lancers, the German Uhlans, the French Cuirassiers and the Russian Dragoons. Each will give a magnificent display, affording an object lesson to every military man in America
The arena will have a seating capacity of twenty thousand persons, who will be protected from sun and rain, and which will be lighted at night by an electric outfit of 250,000 candle power, the largest portable apparatus of the kind in the world.
In the morning there will be a free street cavalcade by detachments from each division of the exhibition, and also three splendid bands of music lead by the famous Buffalo Bill's Cowboy Band.
For amusement and instruction alike this Wild West Show, which will be headed by Buffalo Bill himself, has no equal in this or any country. Inasmuch as the period which the entertainment so graphically reproduces is passing away into history, no one should lose this opportunity of witnessing it. It will be seen here on May 12.
