Columbus Daily Times May 3, 1896 page 3 parts 1-2

Columbus, Tuesday, May 12. 

The Great Story of the Red Rover and his Primitive Kind is told in 1000 Animated Living Pictures in the Delightfully Thrilling and Savage representation of the new, enlarged, greater…

Buffalo Bill’s Wild West

And Congress of Rough Riders of the World

An exact duplicate, man for man and horse for horse, of the exhibitions given at the Columbian World’s Fair at Chicago in 1893; all summer in New York in 1894, and in 160 of the principal cities of the East in 1895. A tour of border-lands brought home where one lives for three hours in 

The Wild Spirit of the Wild World.

The Earth’s Noted Horsemen, The Globe’s Confirmed Nomads, led by the interesting Aborigine of our Continent, the 

North American Indian.

Image Caption: General Nelson A. Miles and “Buffalo Bill”

Viewing hostile Indians camped near dine ridge January 16, 1890

Miss Annie Oakley, The Peerless Lady Wing Shot.  Johnny Baker, The Skilled Shooting Expert.



100 Indian Warriors, Ogallalls Brule, Uncapappa, Sioux, Cheyenne, and Arapahoe Tribes………
50 American Cowboys
30 Mexican Vaqueros and Ruralies
30 South American Gauches
50 Western Frontiersmen, Marksmen, etc. etc. 
25 Bedouin Arabs,
20 Russian Cossacks of the Caucasus
Detachment of U.S. Cavalry
Royal Irish-English Lancers
French Chasseurs
German Cuirassiers
Petit Corps D’Armee




The Last of the Buffalo. Only Hero on Exhibition. 

On the First Day of Arrival there will be given a Free Street Cavalcade

At 10 a.m., by a Detachment from each division. The March will be enlivened by Three Magnificent Bands of Music, led by the Famed, world-traveled

Buffalo Bill’s cowboy band

At night, a brilliant electric display by the largest portable double electric plant of 250,000 Candle Power yet Constructed for any similar purpose. 

2 Exhibitions Daily 2 (Rain or Shine)

Afternoon at 2 o’clock. Night at 8 o’clock. Doors Open One Hour Earlier. 

Night as Light as Day, and as Complete in Detail. 

Several Admission 50 cts, Children under 9 yrs, 25 cts. 

Numbered coupon; actually reserved, seats will be sold on the day of exhibition at 

Hauser & Parker’s Drug Store, Corner Washington and Fourth Streets 
