Columbus Evening Republic May 9, 1896 - part 1

Tuesday, May 12th

Coming: The No Plus Ultra of Instructive Entertainment

The Acme of Excellence in the Field of Amusement. 

Buffalo Blil’s [sic] Wild West

Col. W.F. Cody – and Congress of Rough Riders of the World. 

An exact duplicate man for man and horse for horse, of the exhibition given at the Columbian World’s Fair at Chicago in 1893, all summer in New York in 1890, and in 100 of the principal cities of the east in 1895. 

First appearance here since this new enlarged great world’s Diorama of human interest won its premier right the added title of Congress of World’s Rough Riders Producing Something New Under the Sun

Too large for a canvas and totally unlike anything else on earth. 

First time such a tremendous caravan of diversified racial characters was ever moulded [sic] in one organization. Impossible of accomplishment heretofore, a novelty even to Emperors, Kings, Queens, and Principalities. Known to History singly but never before Grouped Together. 

First Time in the History of Nations – Military Nations of To-Day

Demonstrated by Detachments of Veteran Cavalrymen, who have seen actual service under the colors of the United States, England, France, and Germany. All officially recognized by their governments as thoroughly representative of their class. 

It can never be duplicated or successfully counterfeited. Excels anything heretofore conceived or executed at either individual or governmental fates or public expositions. 

Its Claims Refereed by Nations! Umpired by Millions!

And pronounced the greatest entertainment, Combining Pleasure and Instruction!

The most soul-stirring, patriotic and enjoyable of amusement feasts. Acknowledged the enterprise of the century, and par-excellence The Show of Shows!

100 Indian Warriors: Ogallalls, Brule, Uncapappa, Sioux, Cheyenne and Arapahoe Tribes. 

50 American Cowboys
30 Mexican Vaqueros and Rurelies
30 South American Gauchos
50 Western Frontiersmen, Marksmen, etc.
25 Bedouin Arabs
20 Russian Cossacks of the Caucasus

The Matured Experiences of such world renowned People’s Caterer’s as Mr. Nate Salsbury – Managing Director - Mr. James A. Baily – Associate Director

Col. W. F. Cody --- Buffalo Bill: Conjure up imagination’s limit as to the grandeur of this, their Crowning Effort.

This enormous outfit is transported in Special Railroad Trains

Carrying all the paraphernalia necessary to A Covered Grand Stand, Seating 20,000 Persons

Assuring perfect protection from sun or rain. On the first day of arrival there will be given a Free Street Cavalcade

Image Caption: Indians attacking the Overland Mail Coach

At 10 am, by detailed detachments from each division (Wild Horses, Buffalo, Cattle, etc., being necessarily guarded in camp) so that “He who runs may read.” The march will be enlivened by Three Magnificent Bands of Music, lead by the Famed, World Traveled

Buffalo Bill’s Cowboy Band

At night a Brilliant Electric Display by the largest portable Double Electric Plant of 250,000 candle power yet constructed for any similar purposes. Two Circuits, ensuring a perfectly reliable illumination, making Night as Light as Day. 

Two Exhibitions Daily, Rain or Shine

Afternoon at 2 o’clock. Night at 8 o’clock. Doors open an hour earlier. 

Night as Light as Day, and as Complete In Detail. 

General Admission 50c, Children Under 9 Years 25c

Numbered Coupons, Actually Reserved Sears, will be sold on day of exhibition at Hauner & Parker’s Phoenix Drug Store, Washington and Fourth Streets.
