Columbus Weekly Times May 1 1896 pg 3
Largest Arena In the World.
After a triumphant tour of Europe during several seasons, Buffalo Bill and his great Wild West exhibition was at Chicago, and excited almost equal interest with the great World's Columbian Fair in 1893. Last year this wonderful exhibition was given before enormous audiences for several months at Ambrose Park, New York, and this year, in enlarged and improved form, is being presented at various points outside of the Metropolis; it is coming in this direction, and our people will naturally be on the qui vive to avail themselves o' this unusual opportunity for studying this grand object lesson of our nation's history, including, as it does, many stirring scenes and reproductions of exciting episodes of the romantic period of pioneer life in the far West. To adequately represent that eventful period, requires an army of men and a vast gathering of horses and other animals.
In connection with this feature of The Wild West entertainment will be a Congress of the Rough Riders of the World, selected from among the most celebrated of the universe of all races of men who ride, and also includes the grand international military tournament, introducing, among others, the American Cowboy, the roving Ranchero, the Bronco Buck Rider, United States Cavalrymen, the French Chasseur, the English-Irish Lancers, German Cuiratsiers, the Hungarian Magyur, Bedouin Arab, the Russian Cossack, South American Gaucho. The Tartar of Asia, the Mexican Ruralie. The Native American Redskin, and the Afro-American Jockey. All these will give exhibitions of their marvelous skill, courage and dexterity in the saddle.
The exhibition will be given in the largest entertainment arena in the world, and seating capacity will be provided for twenty thousand people, who will be sheltered amply from rain or sunshine.
At night the arena will be lighted most brilliantly by an electric outfit of two hundred thousand candlepower, the largest portable apparatus of the kind yet manufactured.
In the morning there will be a free cavalcade of detachments from each department of the exhibitions, in which also three splendid bands will participate, one of them being the exceptionally fine and famous mounted Cowboy Band. This unique and remarkable entertainment will be given here Tuesday, May 12th.
