Columbus Evening Review May 12, 1896 page 4

The Show Here

Buffalo Bill’s Show Delights the Small Boy and Everybody Else. 

As early as 4 o’clock this morning the excited voice of the small boy could be heard on the street announcing that he was going to see Buffalo Bill’s show unload. He was destined to partial disappointment as the trains bearing the show did not draw into the Pennsylvania yards until near 6 o’clock. For the next two hours Washington street was filled with teams and wagons taking the paraphernalia to Crump’s driving park. The show trains had hardly got into town before wagons hearing the country people, who had come in to let the children see the show, began to arrive at the court house and on the railroad commons. 

As one mingled with the crowd the conversation he heard was all about the show, parade and where the dinner had been left. The town children were happy as the school authorities had decided to convene school at 8 o’clock and dismiss at 9:30 to give the children a chance to see the show and the parade. 

Promptly at 10 o’clock the parade left the grounds. To many of the immense crowd that thronged the streets the parade was something of a disappointment as the old-time circus features were missing. From the nature of the show the parade cannot be different from what it was. It was rather an educational feature. The different styles of riding were shown by the natives of the different countries. In a carriage at the head of the cavalcade rode Col. W.F. Cody. Following him came one of the cowboy bands. Among the many riders that followed, the Indians, Cossacks and Turks attracted the most attention. From sheer necessity the buffalos, wild steers and horses are left in cam. Of the show itself too much cannot be said. It has visited every quarter of the globe and in these trips has picked up many of the interesting and educational features that it displays. The show is complete at every performance. Col. Cody has not missed a performance during the last three years and his followers are as faithful as he. 
