Connersville Daily Examiner February 4. 1885 pg. 2
Letter from New Orleans.
New Orleans, Jan. 27, 1885. 
Ed Examiner: Perhaps you would like to have some Exposition editor notes. I left Connersville on the morning of January 21, and arrived in New Orleans on the evening of the next day, coming via the Queen and Crescent route. The Cincinnati Southern, as you are probably aware, passes through no good country, except in the vicinity of Lexington. The greater portion of the road runs through hills and mountains, over high trestles and through tunnels, and the scenery is very picturesque, especially at the crossing of the Kentucky and Cumberland rivers. From Chattanooga to Meridian, Mississippi, the country is very uninteresting. From Meridian to New Orleans, the New Orleans and Northeastern-a new road-passes alternately through pine forests and cypress swamps. At the crossing of the Tombigbee the limestone banks are so white that they appear like they had been whitewashed. On my arrival I found a rain pelting down, which continued for three days. But the rain did not hinder a great many from attending the Exposition. One cannot imagine the vastness of the World's Fair without having witnessed it. The main building alone covers thirty-three acres of ground, showing the manufactures of the United States and foreign countries. One can here see many interesting sights, such as the manufacture of pins, thread and many other things. There is a large organ and seating room for about 5,000 persons in this building, and a splendid band plays every afternoon. 
The building of the United States and State exhibits 885x565 feet, and here may be seen the natural and manufactured products of every State and Territory. There is so much magnificence in the displays that one cannot tell which is best. In the Grand Rapids, Michigan, furniture pavilion-178x178 feet, in the form of a cross--is displayed some fine furniture. The live stock buildings are six in number, each 72x378 feet. One is not occupied, one only partially by cattle, hogs and sheep, one is filled with poultry, while three are filled with horses. Here you may see the fleet trotter, the large Norman, or the beautiful Shetland pony. Horticultural hall is 600x194 feet. Through the center, almost its entire length, are four large tables, covered with the fruit of both the tropic and temperate zones, while on either side may be seen plants from all countries. 
My opinion is, after four days at the Exposition, that the school boy or girl could learn more here in one week than in years of study. I think the best time to come will be about February 12 or 18, as the Mardi Gras carnival commences on the 16th, Mardi Gras day being February 17. The exhibits will probably not all be in position by that time, but Mardi Gras alone is worth the trip. 
There is plenty to occupy one's time outside of the Exposition. You might go to the battle ground, the scene of the great battle of January 8, 1815. A trip to the cemeteries is quite interesting. Owing to the alluvial soil the bodies are all placed above ground in sepulchers of brick and marble. Besides these there are several very pretty squares, the busy wharves, etc., to see. 
In the way of amusements there are plenty of good theaters. Buffalo Bill plays "The Prairie Waif" at night and "The Wild West" at Oakland Park in the afternoon of each day. One thing that no one should miss is the panoramic view of the battle of Sedan. This great battle was fought between the French and Prussian forces on September 1, 1870, the losses being 40,000 in killed and wounded. The painting clearly depicts villages, forests, streams, distant castles, the positions of the opposing forces, etc. 
But I presume that I have written enough to show that the time and money for a trip to New Orleans is well spent. Very truly yours,
John L. Hawkins.
