Corydon Democrat April 19 1899
TO THE "WILD 'WEST."
Great Crowds Will Take their Way When Buffalo Bill will Hold Full Sway.

Everybody who can possibly do so will doubtless take a holiday when "Buffalo Bill's Wild West and Congress of Rough Riders of the World" exhibits at Louisville, KT., May 3rd, for which important event the railroads have made special preparations to accommodate their patrons, and will offer low round-trip rates, and in some instances special trains will be run to take care of the big crowds that always attend this exhibition of heroic fame and just renown.

Differing, as it does, from all other exhibitions, Buffalo Bill's Wild West stands as a living monument of historic and educational magnificence. Its distinctive feature lies in sense of realism. Bold dash and reckless abandon. It is not a "show" in any sense of the word, but a series of original genuine and instructive object lessons, in which the participants repeat the heroic parts they have played in actual life upon the plains, in the wilderness, mountain fastness and the dead and dangerous scenes of savage and cruel warfare. So many new and thrilling features have been added for this season that it is almost impossible to enumerate them all. But probably the most interesting is a vivid reproduction of the Battle of San Juan, which will lie presented with magnificent scenic effects and participated in by many members of Roosevelt's Rough Riders who actually participated in the gallant charge. In addition to all the usual foreign contingent that always travel with this exhibition will be seen for the first time in America a number Hawaiians. The new American citizens in all their savage picturesqueness. You will have a chance to compare them with the American Indian, and see them side by side with United States cavalrymen and artillerymen. German cuirassiers. Cossacks from Russia, the Queen's own Lancers.
Mexicans, South American Gauchos, and last, but not least, our own fearless cowboys. Buffalo Bill Col. Cody positively appears at every performance.

