Crawfordsville Journal August 2, 1896 page 5

A Righteous Roar

Went up from the People who were flimflammed by the Buffalo Bill Show.

Evening Performance Cut

And the Football Game on Horseback, the Novel Feature of the Entertainment, Left Out

Until Saturday Buffalo Bill had not been in Crawfordsville for ten years. It may be ten years before his show comes this way again, but no matter how long it is the people of this town will not forget how they were flimflammed. It was a thing not be expected of an institution with the standing that Col. Cody’s combination has and for that reason the indignation is all the greater. The simple fact is that at the evening performance the entertainment was shamefully cut and instead of being over two hours long as in the afternoon it lasted barely an hour and a half, and what is advertised and generally considered the most interesting feature of the show was left out entirely. This is the football game on horseback which was greatly enjoyed by those lucky enough to go in the afternoon. The Journal owes an apology to its readers for announcing this feature and assures them that any statement coming the Buffalo Bill show in the future will have to be accompanied by a bond before being published in its news columns. 

The manager offered as an excuse that the show had to be loaded by a quarter after twelve in order to make the connections to Terre Haute, but we call his attention to the fact that he had all day Sunday in which to make the short trip to Terre Haute. We would further call his attention to the fact that altho [sic] he cut his show he did not cut the price. It was a deliberate steal from the people of Crawfordsville just as much as it is a steal when a tradesman charges full price and gives short measure. 

We hereby desire to warn all towns where Buffalo Bill goes to be on the lookout for short measure. 

Saturday was pay day with the employees of the show and much of the money paid out was left Crawfordsville business men. The Indians showed better judgment that the other members of the aggregation. They spent their money in buying clothes and blankets while the canvasmen, [sic] show roustabouts and cowboys “blowed in” their cash at the refreshment emporiums. By the time the show paraphernalia was loaded several cowboys were so loaded that they had to be placed on the train. One of the roustabouts giving his name as Sullivan was arrested by the police and given lodging at the county jail. He was allowed to go free this morning on the promise that he was to leave the city and never return. 
