Crawfordsville Star June 18, 1896 page 5 – part 1

Crawfordsville Thursday, June 25. 

The Great Story of the Red Rover 
And his primitive kind is told in 1,000 animated living pictures in the delightfully thrilling and savage

Representation of the new, enlarged, greater

Buffalo Bill’s Wild West
And Congress of Rough Riders

An exact duplicate, man for man, horse for horse, of the exhibitions given at the Columbian World’s Fair at Chicago in 1893 all summer in New York, [unreadable], and in 100 of the principal cities of the east in 1895. 

A Tour of Border Lands Brought Home
Where one lies for three Hours in the 
Wild Spirit of A Wild World

The Earth’s noted Horsemen, the globe’s confirmed Nomads, led by the interesting Aboriginee [sic] of our continent, the North American Indian. 

Image Caption: Buffalo Bill (Col. W.F. Cody) Leading the Cavalry of all Nations

Miss  Annie Oakley, the Peerless Lady Wing Shot

100 Indian Warriors, Ogallalla, Bruie, Uncabappa, Sioux, Cheyenne and Arapahoe Tribes
50 American Cowboys
30 Mexican Vanqueros [sic] and Ruralies, 
Western Frontiersmen, Marksmen, South American Gauchos, Bedouin Arabs, etc.

Johnny Baker, the Skilled Shooting Expert

20 Russian Cossacks of the Caucasus, 
Detachment of U.S. Cavalry
Royal Irish-English Lancers
French Chasseurs
German Cuirassiers
Petit Corps D’Armee. 

Last of the Buffalo! Only Herd Exhibited!

On the first day of arrival there will be given a Free Street Cavalcade

At 10 a.m. by a detailed detachment from each division. The march will be enlivened by three magnificent bands of music, led by the famed world-traveled

Buffalo Bill’s Cowboy Band.

At night a brilliant electric display by the largest portable double Electric plant of 250,000 candle power yet constructed for any similar purpose. Night as light as day, and as complete in detail. 

Two Exhibitions Daily Rain or Shine

Afternoon at 2 o’clock, night at 8 o’clock. Doors open one hour earlier. 

General admission 50 cts. Children under 9 years, 25c. 

Numbered coupons, actually reserved seats, will be sold on the day of the exhibition at T.D. Brown & Son’s Drug Store, 122 E. Main St.  

 
