Crawfordsville Review June 20, 1896 page 4

Crawfordsville Thursday, June 25. 

The great story of the Red Rover and his primitive kind is told in 1,000 Animated living pictures in the delightfully thrilling and savage representation of the New, Enlarged Greater…

Buffalo Bill’s Wild West
And Congress of rough Riders. 

Of the World. An exact duplicate, man for man, and horse for horse of the exhibitions given at the Columbian World’s fair at Chicago in 1893 all summer in New York in 1894  and in 100 of the principal cities of the east in 1895.

Buffalo Bill’s Wild West and Congress of Rough Riders of the World. 

Image Caption: A Prairie Pic-Nic.

A Tour of Border Lands

Brough home where one lives for three hours in the Wild Spirit of the Wild World. The earth’s Noted Horsemen, the globe’s confirmed Nomads, led by the interesting Aborigine of our continent, the North American Indian. 

Image Caption: Bucking Mustangs

Miss Annie Oakley

The Peerless Lady Wing Shot 100 … [unreadable] …

Johnny Baker

The skilled shooting expert… 20 Russian Cossacks of the Caucasus. Detachment of U.S. Cavalry, Royal Irish English … [unreadable]…

Last of the Buffalo! Only Herd Exhibited!

On the first day of arrival there will be given a Free Street Cavalcade

At 10 a.m. by a detailed detachment from each division. The march will be enlivened by three magnificent bands of music, led by the famed world-traveled

Buffalo Bill’s Cowboy Band.

At night a brilliant electric display by the largest portable double Electric plant of 250,000 candle power yet constructed for any similar purpose. Night as light as day, and as complete in detail. 

Two Exhibitions Daily Rain or Shine

Afternoon at 2 o’clock, night at 8 o’clock. Doors open one hour earlier. 

General admission 50 cts. Children under 9 years, 25c. 

Numbered coupons, actually reserved seats, will be sold on the day of the exhibition at T.D. Brown & Son’s Drug Store, 122 E. Main St.  

 
