Crawfordsville Daily Argus News June 26, 1896 page 1

A Great Show

Was the Wild West – Everybody Well Pleased – At Lafayette

The great Wild West show has come and gone and those who missed seeing Buffalo Bill, the “prince of scouts” and his great aggregation missed a rare treat and perhaps the opportunity of a life time for it is contrary to the laws of nature that another company shall ever be gotten together. There were hundreds and perhaps thousands of disappointed people in Crawfordsville last evening when the threatening clouds began to roll up from the west. The prayers that went up from the hearts of scores of young Americans, who have reveled in ten cent western literature and from older hearts, too, for that matter, were unanswered and an hour before the appointed time for the show to begin the rain begun to come down in torrents. There was no accompaniment of pitch forks or colored babies but the rain and the outlook was alone sufficient to dishearten a multitude of good folks who would otherwise have occupied front seats and in consequence the receipts at the box office last night fell some thousand short. Those who did have the elements and the number was surprisingly larger, considering the night, were well repaid. It requires something more than wind, water and lightning to interfere with the Buffalo Bill show and the performance was given in full. It is not like a circus in my respect and there is none of the old stereotyped high wire or trapeze wire. Instead it is an exhibition of marvelous horsemanship, expert shooting and a grand review of frontier life of twenty-five or thirty years ago. The old Cheyenne overland stage coach is an object of special interest and the Indian attack which is repulsed by the scouts with Buffalo Bill at their head is one of the most interesting and realistic features of the entertainment. The rough riding cowboys and their handling of the bucking broncos is a clever number but the chief interest centered in Buffalo Bill, who is a whole show in himself. Despite the down pour of rain his shooting was something marvelous. William F. Cody gained his nickname in 1867 when he entered into a contract to kill Buffaloes to feed the men then at work on the Kansas Pacific Railway. In one year he slaughtered 5000 buffaloes and has since been known in the world as Buffalo Bill. The afternoon performance yesterday was a satisfactory one in every respect the tent being comfortably crowded and … [unreadable] … would have been packed last night. They will show today in Lafayette. 
