Crawfordsville Journal August 02, 1909 page 4

By Buffalo Bill

True Tales of Plains, Reciting His Thrilling Experiences and Escapes

Scout and Indian Fighter

Tells His Own Story of Hunting the Buffalo and Guiding Armies Over the Trackless Prairie

Buffalo Bill, whose deeds of daring filled the press dispatches for decades, who enjoyed the confidence of such generals as Miles, Sheridan, Sherman and Custer, hobnobbed with royalty and exhibited his Wild West throughout the world, filling the popular mind as no figure of this generation has done, now dashes into the arena of the newspaper reader. Reciting vividly in direct speech his thrilling experiences and hairbreadth escapes as he followed the trail, hunted the buffalo, guided armies over the trackless prairies, surprised the Indian in his lair and slew single hanged mighty warriors of renown. 

The Journal has booked him for sixteen appearances in sixteen stories of three columns each. 

1. How Buffalo Bill when eleven years old killed his first Indian and two years later nearly lost his life in a trapping expedition. 
2. Buffalo Bill at fourteen becomes a pony express rider at $125 a month – Overcomes outlaws who waylay him – Rides 321 miles in 21 hours and 30 minutes. 
3. Fighting bad men of the plains. How Wild Bill, a famous frontiersman, cleaned up the McCandless gang killing ten of the bandits in one fight
4. Guiding General Sherman on the trackless prairie – Pursued by a band of 30 Indians. Buffalo Bill kills a number of them and escapes. 
5. How he won his title of Buffalo Bill in a contest in which he shot 69 buffaloes against 46 by his opponent. The art of buffalo shooting described. 
6. Campaigning with the regulars. Hunting buffalo with Indians camping on his trail – fifteen hours in a blizzard with General Carr. 
7. Riding with General Custer. How a mule outlasted a Kentucky thoroughbred – two famous Indian fighters. 
8. The Fort Phil Kearney massacre – Red Cloud’s defeat in which the Indians lost 1,137 men. 
9. Custer’s fight and Forsyth’s siege – two scouts, get through the Indian lines and bring relief.
10. Recovering a drove of horses from Indian thieves – Some thrilling experiences as chief of scouts under General Sheridan.
11. Greatest hunt of the plains. Buffalo Bill, General Custer and others teach the Grand Duke Alexis how to shoot buffalo. 
12. Custer’s last fight – Made desperate by humiliation – Reno’s fatal indecision. 
13. A lieutenant’s close call. Detached from command he and a companion are caught in the enemy’s lines. Miraculous escape. 
14. How Buffalo Bill killed the celebrated chief Yellow Hand in personal combat – One of the great scout’s heroic deeds. 
15. One of the gamest Indian fighters – Buffalo Bill loses his shadow. General Charles King’s tribute. 
16. Death of Sitting Bull – Characteristics of the great chief – the Indian’s side of the irrepressible conflict.  


