Crawfordsville Journal Wednesday July 29, 1909 page 2

Crawfordsville, Saturday, July 31 MacFarland’s Show Grounds

Frenzieo Daring Diving Dervish Plunges from a Tall Mast. 
Free to All on the Show Grounds, 11 a.m. and 6:45 p.m.

The Wild West and Far East Now United
A Confederation of the World’s Greatest Educational Exhibitions

Buffalo Bill and Pawnee Bill
Join Hands in One Vast Arena, Reflecting the Orient and Occident in Picturesque Panorama

Vistas of American History
Representing Western Development during the Rugged Days of Indian Warfare, recalling the strenuous Life of the Pathfinder, the Pioneer and Plainsman, and Picturing the Conquest of Half a Continent for the Uses of Civilization and the Peaceful Pursuits of the Prairie Husbandman. 

Glimpses of the Orient
Scenes and Spectacles, Parades and Pageantry, presenting to the admiring Gaz of Countless Thousands a Living Panorama of Oriental Splendors, picturing the Impressive Pyramids, Showing the Sphynx and the Broad Expanse of Sahara’s Sands, with its Camel Cavalcades and Eastern Tribal Denizens. 

A Mirror of Authenticity, Tribes and People from Every Clime, Contributing to the Composite Character of an Original, Inspiring, Instructive and Entertaining Exhibition. 

An Oriental Spectacle
Displaying in Brilliant Conclave Scenes of Ceremonial Pomp and Pageantry in Spectacular Appeal, introducing the world-famed

Rossi’s Music Elephants
Camel Caravans, Bedouin Bandits, Arabian Athletes, Hindoo Fakirs from the Far East and Strange People From Over the Sea. 

The Rough Riders of the World
Are here assembled in exhibitions of surpassing equestrian skill and saddle expertness. Led in Person by the hero-horseman, Col. WM. F. Cody, the only and original Buffalo Bill, Plainsman, Pioneer, and Last of the Great Scouts, who positively appears at every performance, rain or shine

A Holiday at “T-E” Ranch
A Contrasting illustration of peace and peril, pastimes of the plainsmen and the pleasures of the early pioneer. 

The Battle of Summit Springs
A thrilling engagement between the crafty relentless Redman and the victorious soldiery of Uncle Sam. 

The Great Train Hold-Up by Indians
Depicting the Perils of the Iron Trail, and illustrating an epoch in Western commercial development. 

An entertainment which pictures in brilliant animated tableaux the glories of life on the boundless plains. Breathing the invigorating air of nature’s freedom, and illustrating man’s birthright of vigor, strength and activity. Countless thousands on two hemispheres have been delighted, benefited and educated by visits to the bold, distinctive, and dashing. Monarch of all big open-air amusement enterprises. 

Twice daily, rain or shine, 2 and 8 p.m. – Admission (including Seat) 50 cts. Children under 10 years. Half Price. All seats protected from Sun and Rain by Immense waterproof canvas Canopy. Grand stand chairs (including admission), $1.00. On sale day of Exhibition at Coleman’s Drug Store. 

