Critic May 3, 1885 pg. 5
Buffalo Bill
The Performance to be Repeated at the Fair Ground Today 
William F. Cody, known to fame as "Buffalo Bill", gave one of his inimitable performances at the fair grounds yesterday afternoon. The outfit came from Peru yesterday morning, and when the cowboys, braves, squaws and papooses, stepped from the train they were cocked and primed for the street parade. Preceded by a brass band and headed by Buffalo Bill, the detached section of Western frontier life filed through the streets of the city and proceeded at once to the fair grounds, where the tents were pitched. The parade, a novel affair, was witnessed by hundreds of curious spectators. 
The exhibition witnessed at the fair grounds was in many respects the most wonderful ever witnessed in the county. It was just what it professed to be, a portrayal of scenes and incidents, and daring exploits enacted in the far west by the advance guards of American civilization. The greatest interests centers around Mr. Cody. He is as fine a specimen of manhood as one sees in a lifetime, and the feats he performs on horseback are perfectly astonishing. His expert shooting, while at full speed was simply remarkable. The fancy rifle work of Billy, the Kid of North Platt, as that of the young lady, were wonderful. The historical stage coach, with driver and out-guard men, who had long been in actual service, attacked by Indians in ambush, and repulsed by cowboys and Mexicans, presented a scene full of excitement. The several races, lassoing the Buffalo, elk and wild steers, were interesting features, but none so amusing as the efforts of the expert riders to mount several "bucking" bronchos that have always refused being ridden. 
When the stage coach was ready to start out on its perilous journey an invitation was extended to any of the spectators who desired to make the trip. Charles Woll and Charley Newell hastened to the front and jumped into the stage. They passed through the bloody tight unscratched and when the coach drew up to the home base, they emerged gaudy heroes. One of the most interesting feats of the program was the duel between Buffalo Bill and Yellow Jack- an incident of the Custer campaign which resulted in the death of the Indian Chief. The exhibition concluded with the representation of an Indian attack on a frontier cabin, the heroic defense made by the frontiersman and his family and their timely rescue by Buffalo Bill and his posse of cowboys. 
The exhibition will be repeated this afternoon and will doubtless be witnessed by a large crowd. 
