Daily Wabash Express May 18, 1886 pg. 4
Amusements
Buffalo Bill's Wild West.
An attendance of probably 8,000 people was present at the Wild West exhibition at the fairgrounds yesterday afternoon and a most interesting and novel exhibition was given. The entertainment opened with the formal introduction to the audience present of the following in order: An Indian parade of about 160 Pawnee, Wichita and Sioux in their war paint, decorated in the peculiar style of their respective tribes and riding their ponies. Then, came Sergeant Bates, who, on foot, has carried the American flag over thousands of miles of American territory. Pawnee, Comanche and Ogallala Sioux Indians, Antonio Esqueval, the champion Mexican vaquero Young Joe, chief of the Pawnee nation Miss Dell Farrell and Miss Georgie Duffey, magnificent lady equestrians, a group of American cowboys, with the well-known Buck Taylor-all came in review before the audience, as well as many others. A few of the attractive features of the programme were a race between a vaquero, a Cowboy and an Indian. Then a practical exhibition of the pony express, that was in service long before the Union Pacific railway or telegraph wires were in operation across the plains of the west. Billy Johnsen, an old pony express rider gave the exhibition. Buffalo Bill and "Yellow Hand," a Pawnee chief, gave a realistic reproduction of a duel in which Cody was engaged soon after the Custer massacre. Johnny Baker, the cowboy kid, did some marvelous shooting with the rifle, as did, also, Miss Annie Oakley and Miss Lillian Smith, a fourteen-year-old girl. Many other varied attractions were presented. The leading features of the afternoon performance were the attack on the Deadwood mail coach and also the surprise of a settler in his cabin by a band of murderous savages, in both of which the Indians were repulsed by scouts and cowboys. The entertainment by the Wild West show is in every respect worth more than the price of admission. A street parade will be made this morning, and a second performance given at the fairgrounds at 2:30 this afternoon.
