Elkhart Weekly Truth Nov. 3 1904
Bandits Shoot Bank Cashier
Armed Outlaws Make Raid on First National at Cody and Commit Murder.
Escape into the Mountains
Desperadoes Mount Their Horses and get Away After Indulging in Exchange of Shots With a Party of Hunters.
Cody, Wyo., Nov. 2.- Four heavily armed outlaws from the Hole-in-the- Wall country Tuesday afternoon raided the First National bank of this place and, after shooting and killing Cashier Frank Middaugh of the bank, had a running fight with cowboys and hunters and escaped into Rattlesnake mountains, where they are being pursued by half dozen different posses. The Hole-in-the-Wall gang are noted as the most desperate outlaws in the west and the Cody posses are determined to wipe the band out of existence. Buffalo Bill himself is en route from Omaha in a special car, having with him a party of titled Englishmen and two of his Sioux Indian scouts.
Desperadoes Enter Bank.
Just before the close of the bank a party of four roughly dressed men rode up to the First National bank. Three men dismounted and entered the building. The fourth stayed out and guarded the horses. As soon as the outlaws entered the bank one of them covered Cashier Middaugh, who grabbed a revolver and made a game fight. Middaugh was excited and his bullet went wild, while the single shot sent from the outlaw's gun passed through the banker's brain.
Hunters to the Rescue.
The shooting attracted the attention of a party of hunters and as these rushed around the corner of the hotel they opened fire. Under cover of each other's fire the outlaws mounted and rode away into the prairies and from thence into the mountains. One of the posses, led by Sheriff Jeff Champion, overtook the outlaws at dusk twenty miles southwest of Cody and a battle ensued in which Champion had a horse shot under him, but was uninjured. The bandits obtained fresh horses at a ranch nearby and escaped.
Buffalo Bill on the Way.
Omaha, Neb.. Mov. 2.-Buffalo Bill's private car, filled with Cody's English friends and Indian scouts and guides, went west Tuesday night on the Burlington flyer. "I wired White Beaver, my manager at Cody, to offer a large reward 'for the capture of the outlaws," said of Col. Cody, "and to double the reward in case an outlaw is killed. We want to kill them, not capture them.
