Elkhart Truth July 18, 1912 page 6 – part 2

Buffalo Bill’s Show in Town
(Continued from page 1)

…others, and many of these were interested spectator of the various operations carried on. Buffalo Bill and Major Lillie are surrounded by a large and capable corps of department heads and assistants, and these are constantly on the job, so that the vast machine movies with precision and effectiveness. As the tents rose to poition [sic] they were filled with men and animals, and the work of grooming and preparation began. In accordance with custom long since adopted the shows give no street parade. It being Buffalo Bill’s settled conviction that in a Wild West show at the yim [sic] vigor and dash that animals and performers possess are required to give the performance itself, and that there is too much energy and force wasted in a long street parade, occupying hours to cover. 

Instead of common parade, a big carload of Indians, garbed in a native costume, paint, feathers and all, was sent out over the street railway system and whooped it up with genuine western vigor and enthusiasm. This parade or car procession, was the delight especially of the small boy and interested all. 

Many Interesting Features.

All during the morning, people walked in and about the tents, taking in such sights as were to be seen, and enjoying the experience immensely. The “baby buffalo,” youngest arrival in the show was specially favored. It is a sturdy infant of some six weeks old and is with the older buffalo in a pen. Major Little, by the way, has the distinction of owning the best selected herd of live buffalo on the continent at his ranch at Pawnee, Oklahoma, where he has succeeded in gathering and developing the several strains of pure bred animals. 

The shows have one of the finest collection of horses probably the largest ever gathered under one head, including many veterans on hoof which Col. Cody refuses to dispose of, for sentimental reasons, and which are fed and cared for by way of reward for past services. Conspicuous among the horses is a splendid eight-team of Percherons [sic], driving by Billy Wales, driver and team having won prizes wherever entered and competing, in all quarters of the globe. Billy is admittedly the best driver of a six-in hand who has ever gathered the ribbons and occupied a box seat and his work is admired wherever seen. 

The warm sunshine, like the golden wine of youth, seemed to bring a joyful intoxication to the still persistent and vigorous colonel. His white hair trailed upon the breeze, his broad sombrero flashed back the light and his horse carried him over the fresh sward and down to the presence of that great crowd welcoming him with cheers. 

The famous old scout never put on a better appearance, never sat more firmly in his saddle, nor ever gave more assuring evidence that it may be many years before he is put away, shouldered aside, or sent to the well-earned retirement of one of his many broad-acred ranches in the great west in whose civilizing he was so potent a factor. 

Glass balls were hurled in the air and he shot them, rarely missing. 

Reserved seats are on sale at the Houseworth Bros. drugstore. 
