 Elkhart Truth July 17, 1912 page 2

Buffalo Bill’s Farewell to Elkhart

One Day Only, Thursday, July 18
Jackson Street Show Grounds

The Scroll of Fame

Bears no names more illustrious than those of men who have devoted their lives to the advancement of mankind. What nobler mission could there be than to give pleasure, education, and amusement to one’s fellow-man? TO have given to the world original, ingenious, historic and elevating entertainments in quite enough to command lasting fame for the originators, founds and perpetuators of 

Buffalo Bill’s Wild West and Pawnee Bill’s Far East
With an entirely New Program and Scenic Effects

Headed by Col. Wm. F. Cody, “Buffalo Bill,” Ex-Chief of Scouts, U.S. Army, pioneer, plainsman, hunter, guide and Indian fighter, who has for more than a quarter of a century gained fame in two hemispheres through exhibiting his historic exposition of early days in the Western Wilds. Maj. Gordon W. Lillie, “Pawnee Bill,” has also contributed authentic pictures of the Orient, shown in animated tableaux, depicting the tribes and people, customs and costumes of the romantic Far East, and thus displaying in contrasting pictures,

Both Sides of the Earth

From the historic scenes and incidents, depicting pioneer days and frontier strife on our own rolling prairies, with vistas of barbaric war and foray, the scene shifts to the sands of the Sahara, its camel cavalcades and “Ships of the Desert” with the Pyramids and Sphinx, the tribes of the Soudan and the gorgeous splendors of 

An Oriental Spectacle

To the entire exhibition there is no sham or subterfuge it is absolutely original, authentic and true to fact. Its predominating characteristic is genuineness; everything presented is realism itself. Every horseman is the hero he represents. The art he employs is the lesson of a lifetime. The garb he wears is the uniform of the nation or tribe that gave him birth. In every particular it is emphatically 

Historic and Genuine

Directing every detail of the exhibition and Positively appearing at every performance the last of the great scouts and pathfinders

Col. Wm. F. Cody The Only and Original Buffalo Bill
With his roughriders of the world

Showing all kinds of horsemanship from the Wild Bucking Bronchos [sic]
To
High-School Hunters and High Jumpers

Indian Battel Scenes. Thrilling Western Episodes. Brilliant for Eastern Displays. Rare Sports and Pastimes. Selected from all around the Globe. Numerous Now and Standard Game. 

Football Playing Horses
Mexican Rurales and the Famous Cowboy Band

Maximillian Gruber’s 

Marvelous Performing Animals
Including Elephants, Horses, Dogs, and Ponies, all in one Tremendous Act

Realism Runs Rampant

During three hours of Object-taught lessons in American History; a School of Manliness, an academy of Equestrianism, and an Exhibition of Oriental Splendors. The only object teacher history has ever known. The only School of Instruction the Amusement World has ever maintained. In short, a Peerless Pageant of Pleasure. 

Two Exhibitions Daily, 2 and 8 p.m. Rain or Shine. Admission (including seat) 50 cents. 

All seats protected from Sun and Rain by Immense Waterproof Canvas Canopy. Grand Stand Chairs (including Admission) $1.00. Children under 9 years half price, on sale day exhibition at 

Houseworth Bros. Pharmacy, 531 South Main Street. 
