Elkhart Truth August 29, 1914 page 1

Sells-Floto Circus Attracts Big Crowd

Buffalo Bill and Congress of Rough Riders Added Attraction. 

Parade is Feature

Throngs Line Business District at Noon Today to Witness Street Demonstration – Cody Leads the Procession. 

The one big day is here. 

The Sells-Floto circus reached the city at an early hour this morning in two large sections, bringing with them Buffalo Bill and his congress of rough riders, cowboys, cowgirls, and the original Deadwood stage coach, famous in western history. 

The younger generation were on hand in plenty to see the canvas covered cages roll from the cars, and their curiosity was surely aroused when nine ponderous elephants marched majestically from the “bull” cars followed by the smallest piece of elephant flesh ever brought to the city.

The little fellow stands three feet high and is just three months old. The circus seems particularly strong on babies as the menagerie feature as “baby bon,” the only baby hippopotamus on exhibition in the United States, and only yesterday a baby calf was born to one of the Lilliputian cattle and the little mite will be seen today for the first time. 

Erect Tents by Motive Power. 

Many interesting things are to be found on the circus grounds on Middlebury street. For instance, Sells-Floto-Buffalo Bill is absolutely the only circus in the world that erects its tents by motive power, thereby saving the labor of seventy men. A noticeable feature was the quietness on the grounds but then the owners of this circus are newspaper men and newspaper men know how to do things. 

Six hundred employes [sic] are fed daily in the cook tent, with no more noise than the average hotel dining room. 

Parade is Big Feature

The parade was a little late, not reaching the business district until after 11:30. However, it was worth waiting for. Of course it was headed by Buffalo Bill himself, a trifle more grey perhaps, but still the same old sturdy frontiersman of old. He rode in a trap drawn by two beautiful Arabian horses. A noticeable feature of the parade was the neat appearance of all the parade participants. 


 
