Evansville Courier May 14, 1896 page 6 – parts 1 and 2

Evansville, Saturday, May 16

Coming, First Time in Years!

The Event of a life-time: the new, enlarged, greater

Buffalo Bill’s Wild West and Congress of Rough Riders of the World

An exact duplicate, man for man and horse for horse of the exhibition given at the Columbian World’s Fair at Chicago in 1895 all Summer in New York in 1894, and in 100 of the principal cities of the east in the 1890. 

Led by the best known living romantic character: Col. W.F. Cody Buffalo Bill

Who Supplements His Noted

American National Entertainment with an Alliance of the Wild World’s Most Distinctive Primitive Features

The Record of the Ages Contains no equal or equivalent Educational Amusement Exposition, combining the faithful, varied, positive, many merits of the Grandly Realistic Dreams of Frontier Pioneer American Life and the Alpha and Omega of the History of Man and Horse from the Primitive Rider of the Wild Equine of ever clime – of Asia, Africa, Europe and America – to the Trained, Well-drilled

Regular Cavalry of All Nations
As embraced in the Grand Army of Natural Equestrians now comprising this World-Endorsed Captivator of Two Hemispheres. 

An Exposition of Greatest Instructive Value which will make his First Appearance in its New, Enlarged, Greater Form Augmented in numbers, extended in scope, intensified in interest, after an absence of eight years, during which time its Conquering March Across Two Continents.

Was a series of loyal and Royal Tributes A succession of grand ovations. Voted by the millions of all races and tongues, a most valued excerpt from pages of [unreadable] history. An event impressing fading facts of incalculable benefit in deliberated the rapid progress of a century’s [unreadable] of modern advancement. 

A Mimic Celebration of Thrilling Facts
Emphasizing [unreadable] an entertainment, the settlement and national advancement of our country, and give the auditor, in three hours, a compendium.

Vivid, Living, Moving Pictures composed of bone and sinew in natural action, interpreted by the Creator’s grandest [unreadable] man and horse – the Kings of animated nature – assembled in Authenticated truthfulness for the first time since the dispersion at the tower of babel.

[Unreadable]

All under the command of Col. W.F. Cody – Buffalo Bill
The Last of the Buffalo! The Only Heard on Exhibition!

Special Railroad Trains
Carrying all the paraphernalia necessary to A Covered Grand Stand, Seating 20,000 Persons

Assuring perfect protection from Sun or Rain. So organized and arranged as to camp close to the city. On the first day of arrival there will be given

A Free Street Cavalcade

Image Caption: Indians attacking the [unreadable]

[Unreadable]

Buffalo Bill’s Cowboy Band

[unreadable]

The Exhibitions Daily

[unreadable]



 
