Farmland Enterprise November 9, 1894 pg. 6
[Article contains illustration of Buffalo Bill talking to Wild Bill] 
The Battle Field 
Buffalo Bill's War Story 
The Great Scout's Experience as a Jayhawker 
Yes, I have had some little military experience, Buffalo Bill recently said. When the war broke out in 1861 most of the stage drivers and express riders, all natural adventurers, deserted from their posts. Although only a lad, I was one of the number. It was now nearly a year since I had seen my mother. Reports of her bad health had frequently reached me. I therefore decided to pay her a visit and then see what change the army offered to me. On my way I stopped at Leavenworth, Kan. Here I fell in with a man named Chandler who had a plan to organize an independent company which should invade Missouri and make war upon its people on their own responsibilities. He induced twenty-five men to join him. We were, in fact, what was known as jay-hawkers. We would leave our home in parties of two and three, and assemble at an appointed time and place. There Chandler met us in disguise. He would inform us just where we could get the best horses, and we would scatter all over under his directions, visit secretly all the farmhouses he had pointed out to us, collect all the horses possible, and bring them together the next night. Few of us ever returned empty-handed; some would frequently have captured three or four horses. 
Then we would strike out for the Kansas line. This may look to you like horse-stealing, but the war times had dulled peoples' conscious. Missouri was a slave state then. She was part of the enemy's territory. We thought we were doing good work in crippling the confederacy by appropriating the horses of noncombatants. But my mother thought otherwise. She said the thing was neither right nor honorable, and so I gave it up. I settled down in Leavenworth, and there my old friend, Wild Bill. He had brought with him a fast running horse from the mountains, which he was going to take to the approaching horse races in St. Louis. He told me he had a sure thing. I believed him. We put all the money we had on it, and then when the money was gone we put the horse itself up against two hundred and fifty dollars. 
I rode the horse myself. But, alas! the "sure thing" was not in the race from start to finish. We lost all our money and the horse besides. 
Then Wild Bill offered himself to the military authorities as a scout. He was accepted, but I was refused on account of my youth. 
A year later my mother died. It was the greatest sorrow of my life. I grew reckless, and plunged into dissipations of all sorts. One morning I work up to find myself a soldier in the Seventh Kansas regiment. I did not remember how or when I had enlisted, but as I was in for it, I was not going to back out. 
We were first marched into Tennessee. There we did some fierce skirmishing with Gen. Forrest, and were ordered to Cape Girardeau. I had now become a non-commissioned officer, and was on detached service as a scout. One day I rode ahead to pick up what information I could as to Gen. Price's movements. I was dressed in civilian clothes, made of Missouri jean of a dark gray color. One morning I rode up to a farmhouse and entered it. A man was seated at the table eating bread and milk. He was dressed in confederate gray and seemed to be a confederate officer. You may judge of my surprise when, as soon as he caught sight of me, he said: 
"What are you doing in those [illegible] clothes?"
Then I recognized that it was my old friend, Wild Bill. 
"Sir," said I, "I ask you the same question."
Bill put his fingers to his lips. 
"Hush," he said, "say nothing here. Wait until we get outside."
I sat down and joined him at the bread and milk. Wild Bill paid the woman of the house and we walked out together to the gate. 
"Well, Bill," said he, "it does me good to see you. Where have you been and what have you been doing?"
"Tell me first what you have been doing," I replied. "What are you doing in this confederate uniform?"
"Why, I am a scout under Gen. McNiel, and in pursuit of my duties I am now masquerading as a southern officer from Texas, and I have been with Price's army for some days." 
"Then," said I, "you are exactly the man I want to get help from. I am out for information about Price's movements." 
Thereupon Wild Bill told me all he knew, which was of great value. Then he took out a package which he handed to me and said: 
"Here, Bill. I want you to give this to Gen. McNiel."
I promised to do so, and we shook hands and parted. 
A few days later I met with another adventure. Riding with the guard of our army I stopped at a farmhouse for a drink of water. There was no one on the premises but a handsome middle-aged lady and her two very pretty daughters. They were very much alarmed at seeing me, but in convinced them that I at least meant them no harm. The mother asked me how far back the army was. I told her it was only a short way behind and would soon pass by the house. They expressed great fear that the soldiers would confiscate everything they had. I knew their fears were well grounded, and I determined that I would do what I could do help them. They were very kind, and set out a lunch for me. While I was eating, the generals and the staff officers passed by, I jumped up from the table and took it upon myself to stand sentry over the house. As the rank and file of the army came around some of the men rushed out of the lines to invade the house. It was the custom for them to plunder every farmhouse along their route. 
"Halt!" I shouted. "I have been placed as a guard over this house by the commanding officer; no man must enter." 
The plan worked like a charm. Squad after squad of men turned back from the house, until at last the entire command had passed. The ladies overwhelmed me with thanks and pressed me to stay to the dinner which they had prepared for me. As rations had been slim for the last few days I was tempted to stay, especially in such agreeable company. When I had finished dinner the rear of the army was at least two miles beyond the house. Just then there was a cry from one of the girls. I looked up to find myself gazing into the muzzles of three rifles. Three men had come suddenly into the room, and were pointing rifles at me. There was quite a scene as the ladies threw themselves between the men and me. Then it turned out that the men were master of the house and his two sons. They had been away in the woods when the army came up, and had hurried back home, and arrived just in time to find a Yankee apparently in possession of the household. Explanations were made, and the old gentleman thanked me and shook hands with me cordially, but warned me that it would be best for me not to stay any longer. 
"Your command is some distance away, now," he said, "and you might be cut off by some bushwhackers before reaching it." 
So I rode off and rejoined my comrades. 
Out command kept crowding into Price's army until it was pushed over the Kansas border. Then it halted. While both armies were turned up in skirmishing line two men on horseback were seen to leave the confederate army, making for our direction. Instantly quick volleys were discharged from the confederate ranks and some of the soldiers started in pursuit of the fugitives. One of the men fell to the ground to rise no more. The other man galloped on. Some of our men charged out to shield him and to keep off his pursuers. A moment later he had rushed into our lines. He was dressed in confederate uniform, but I recognized him as Wild Bill. He had a long interview with Gen. McNiel. He informed him that, though Price put up a bold front, he was really quite weak, and that he was then trying to cross a great stream four miles from Fort Scott. 
The force was ordered out. We charged upon the rear of Price's army and drove it before us for two hours. Wild Bill and I continued as scouts until Price's army was driven as far as the Arkansas river; and then the pursuit was abandoned. -N. Y. Recorder 

