Fort Wayne Sunday Gazette March 4, 1883 pg. 6
"The Golden West."
What Doctor Carver and Buffalo Bill Are Going to do on the Fort Wayne Fair Grounds this Fall- A Big Enterprise 
Doctor William F. Carver, the noted rifle-shot, sends a long circular to the secretary of the Fort Wayne fair association making an engagement to visit the fair this fall. We make the following extract from the doctor's "Address to the Public": "I began life on the prairie, and the Indians called me a 'medicine man,' and from that I derived the title. I am not a doctor, and I am not entitled to that distinction, but after the Indians gave me the name I have always been known by it on the plains. I am a child of the prairie- of the far west, though born in New York. I was for many years the partner of Buffalo Bill, Wild Bill and Texas Jack. I learned to shoot the buffalo and the elk. I made my living by hunting, and became proficient with the rifle. 
Buffalo Bill and myself have again entered into a partnership, and we propose to give on entertainment this season entitled 'The Golden West.' It will be a large enterprise, I assure you. We will have fifty broncho horses, a large number of stallions, fifty Ogallala and Brule Sioux, a herd of fifty buffaloes, and a herd of fifty elk. Besides these, we will have a gang of cowboys and Mexicans. The Indians will have their teepees and lodges. We will have Hank Monk, the veteran stage driver of the Rockies with an old Concord stage-coach, just like the one Horace Greeley and Governor Bross rode in, and drawn by six mules. In short our entertainment will be truly American, giving actual exhibitions of hunting the buffalo and elk in their native state, Indian fighting, broncho riding, expert rifle shooting, etc., exhibiting life in the west as it used to be. We will have Sitting Bull and other noted Indian chiefs with us. We open in Omaha on the 15th of May. Our exhibitions will take place in large grounds, where the public will have an ample chance to see us. During the last of April we propose to take a party of journalists up to the Yellowstone to see our last game caught. We have now on hand twenty-seven buffaloes and all the ponies, besides some elk, but the rest of the animals will have to be caught." The combination will appear here the last day of the fair and will draw 50,000 people. 

