Fort Wayne Sentinel August 4, 1886 pg. 2
[Article contains graphics]
Pioneering [illegible]
Wild West Scenes Reproduced in Advance of the B. and O.
A Novel Scheme to Create a Traffic-A Modern Amphitheatre in Which Indian Fights and Contests Between Man and Beast are Exhibited. 
The Indian scout blazed the way for the mail coach, and the latter's beaten track opened the route for the iron horse. This is the history of the rail's progress across the country. In advance of the railroad were Indian fights and wonderful individual exploits by brave scouts and pioneer settlers; thrilling trips of the pony express and hairbreadth escapes of the stage coach. Then came the cowboy and the Mexican greaser, and coupled with all were herds of buffalo and deer and droves of wild horses and cattle. These are things of the past, one would say, yet so strange are the mutations of time that we find these same stirring scenes of the wild west reproduced in one of the suburbs of New York city, to lead the way toward the extending of another railroad to that metropolis. 
It is a novel scheme, and originated with Erastus Wiman, the only man who would be likely to conceive such a thing and be able to carry it to what already seems to promise a satisfactory conclusion. The idea is this: The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, as is well known, is seeking an entry to New York. When it reaches a point in New Jersey about twenty miles southwest of New York city there are two courses open to it, and both beset with difficulties. One is to make a compromising arrangement with one of the railroads who own the whole water front on the west bank of the Hudson, opposite New York. The other place would be to cut across the Arthur Kills and make the terminus at Staten Island, connecting by a ferry, of a half hour's sail, with New York. There are some drawbacks to this scheme, but it is said that the Baltimore and Ohio people have told those interested in the Staten Island route that if they will show them a traffic to warrant them building powerful and fast ferryboats they will be inclined to listen to the claims of their island. 
……….
Attack on Settler's Cabin 
But it is a good thing, no matter if it is to help along a railroad, to take 20,000 of our people a day out into the open air and make them acquainted with the dangers which heroes braved in advance of civilization, and which feats are rapidly becoming legendary. There one can see the skill in marksmanship and horsemanship required of the Indian scout, and exemplified in such a well-known representative of those heroes as Buffalo Bill. One can see the famous Deadwood coach, in which to ride was often to death. The daring riding and lightning remounting of a rider of the "pony express," the original "Star Route" for carrying the mail, the attack on the settler's cabin, are also vividly portrayed. Graphic sketches of a few of the incidents are presents herewith. 
For grand spectacles no land possessed material equal to ours in the reproduction of the romantic scenes which are fast fading away from our frontier; and commendable is the effort to exhibit them. 

