Fort Wayne Daily Gazette March 7, 1884 pg. 7
Buffalo Bill
At a ball, with Spike-Tail Coat and White Kids. He Finds that a Chicago Ball-Room is "Pretty Rich for a Man of Plain Blood"
(Chicago News) 
"No By the way, the worst I was ever scared was right here in Chicago. There are some people here who will remember the incident which I will tell you. Soon after the fire Gen. Sheridan, Gen. Anson Stager, and a lot of those Union club men, along with James Gordon Bennett, came out west hunting. I had served under Gen. Sheridan as a scout, and when the party got out in my neighborhood he had me take charge of all them. We had a big hunt, and they were all so pleased that when they started to go away the general called me in and said 'Cody, we want you to come east and see us'. 'For God's sake,' said I, 'I couldn't do it. I haven't got the money to take me down to Omaha, and I haven't got any clothes to wear after I would get east.' 'That's no excuse,' he said, 'We want you to come. We have been your guests here and you have treated us well. You must be our guest now. We will fix these little things for you.' He had been my old commander, so I said all right. 
"I then conducted the Grand Duke Alexis hunting party, and the duke gave me that celebrated breast-pin. When we got back from that trip I received some passes Gen. Stager had sent me. I then began to look upon any trip east as a thing I was up for. I had never been east of the Mississippi, and the prospect bothered me. But I began to fix for it [illegible] a little man. I got some blue flannel of the quartermaster, and my wife made me a suit of clothes. You've seen these clothes that wives make, haven't you? You know how they fit! Well, that was the [illegible] suit of clothes any man ever put on. But I oughtn't to make fun of them, for that dear little woman did the best she could- she was worried just as much as I was. Well, I put them on and started. I hadn't time to wait for an overcoat so I wore my buckskin. I came here and then visited all the eastern cities. I had a [illegible] time. None of the boys were ashamed of me, and I reckon I went in the best society out on that trip. 
When I got back here to Chicago, Mike Sheridan met me at the depot and took me to his house. Said he 'Cody, we are going to have a ball tonight and you are going as the general's guest.' Well, I had sense enough to know that as the general was a single man he was a [illegible] with ambitious manners, and that the ball would be entirely too big for my blue flannel. I told Mike so, but he said he would fix that. I didn't want to show my disrespect to the general, so I said that I guessed I d have to go. Mike took me down to one of those places where they have special suits of clothes to rent and he rigged me out. It was one of those spike-tail coats, the first one I had ever seen, a low-cut vest, a great white shirt-- and that Alexis pin, tight doeskin breeches, a plug hat, and a pair of white kid gloves. Heavens' but wasn't I a whooper, I thought to myself. 
"The dance was out at Riversdale, and it was a pretty cold night in the fall. After we started, and when Mike wasn't watching, I pulled the buckskin coat on over the dress suit. When we got to the place Mike seen me, and I was so ashamed that I hustled the coat off and stuck it under the fence. Then we went as The ladies had all heard I was coming as the guest of Gen. Sheridan, and they all wanted to see me. I went into the room where they were- a whole regiment of the prettiest women I had ever seen, and they all had long trails to their dresses. Thinks I to myself, 'Bill, this is pretty rich for a man of plain blood, but you'd have to suit up.' Just then I began to sweat. I tried to wipe my face but the gloves were so little I couldn't close them to clasp my handkerchief without bursting them. Then the sweat began to run. Thinks I, may be I'd make some kind of a break anyhow if I went to wipe my face, so I'll let her go.
"I was standing there, with my fingers stiff as ramrods, the worst feeling over me that any man ever felt, when the general took my arm and let me through the crowd, introducing me right and left. The way the ladies smiled I knew I was too big of a man in their eyes to look bored at anything. So I tried to smile, but the harder I tried the worse off I got and then the general led me up to a little platform, where he gave me an introduction to them all at once. The sweat was then running through the fingers of my gloves. The ladies they all bowed, and then the general told me I would have to dance with them. I'd danced out on the plains, and when he said that thinks I to myself, 'Bill, you're all hunkey on the dance'. He made some engagements, and I stepped down to this young lady who was first on the list and put myself in shape. 
"The music started and they all whirled off but me. The lady looked sweetly into my eyes and asked me what was the matter. I told her I couldn't hear the caller. I was waiting for some man to sing out '[illegible] all', when she said 'Why, we don't have any callers here' I felt like falling through the floor, when she told me to come on and she would show me through. I tried it but all was the [illegible] dancing any man ever done. I ll tell you I was glad when the band quit playing. I sat the lady down and beckoned to Mike. He took me out, and I sat in a hay mow till the dance was over." 

