Fort Wayne Daily Gazette August 31, 1883 pg. 2
Out of the Wild West 
Indians, Buffaloes, Cowboys, Scouts and Pop Whittaker All Loose at Gravesend 
New York Sun. 
The small boy was prevalent at Gravesend. He gazed for hours through cracks in the fair ground fence, roosted precariously in distant trees, and exhibited a general air of suppressed but powerful excitement. When he gained admission to the grounds this excitement gave way to a hollow and bottomless awe, and the small boy wandered timidly about with round eyes and open mouth. The bewildering array of large and arid steers, reserved and haughty cowboys, round-shouldered buffaloes, emaciated elk, majestic and bedaubed Indians, gorgeous Mexicans, astonishingly repulsive squaws and knock-kneed mustangs, interspersed with tents, duds, scouts, and papooses, took vitality and sensation from the small boy and left him receptively inert. 
Western life, with all its romantic accessories, was depicted before the eyes of the visiting throng. Nearly 2,000 people were scattered about the grounds or seated in the grand stand. Several well-built and handsome men, dressed in elaborately embroidered silk shirts, ribbed velvet breeches and opera house boots- the conventional costume of scouts on the plains- cantered about among the herds of animals and the encampments of Cheyenne, Arapahoe, Sioux, and Pawnee Indians. 
The spectators were fashionably dressed and evidently accustomed to amusements, but they seemed singularly impressed. There was an air of solemnity about them. Occasionally a fine-looking man, with a tall, sinewy and athletic figure, would stride by the stand. He looked picturesque and imposing. The low words of command that he gave were obeyed with alacrity by the attendants. The women followed him with their eyes. It was Buffalo Bill. Another man, dressed in the picturesque costume of a scout, galloped about briskly with a rifle slung over his shoulder and a white sombrero resting on his long-haired head. It was Dr. Curver, the champion rifle-shot of the world. Dressed quietly and leaning negligently against a rail in front of the grand stand was Capt. Bogardus, tall, sun-browned and good natured. He wore a number of medals. He has been champion pigeon shot of America for thirteen years. 
Herds of buffaloes went galloping by, attended by young braves on mustangs, and the cowboys scudded up and down the field. 
In all this scene of weird excitement but one thing was familiar to New Yorkers- the bronzed and banged-up countenance of Pop Whittaker as he chewed the end of a cigar in the judges stood and placidly gazed at the throng. Presently Mr. Whittaker opened his mouth, and the cigar fell out into Mr. Whittaker's hand. The mouth remained open for some time, while the people looked into it with some uncertainty. Then the solitary arm of Pop moved up and down methodically. A moment later a roar like the sound of rushing waters was heard [illegible] from the cavernous depths of Mr. Whittaker. The buffaloes stood still, the papooses scurried into the tents, the cowboys bent their heads, and the braves slid off their ponies, and hurriedly prayed to the moon. A smile of satisfaction passed over the faces of New Yorkers. The west may have Indians, buffaloes and cowboys, but the east has Mr. Whittaker. The voice reverberated through the grand stand and went bowling across the country, so that people in passing trains turned their heads and smiled as they recognized it. It said: 
"Lay-dees an' gen'men! At-Ten-she-on! Bee-hold it comes! The wild west approached. Cawst-your-[illegible]-down-the-track, if-you please."
The mouth closed with a snap, and Mr. Whittaker winked at the military band. The band blared boldly, but it was discouraged by the memory of the voice. 
After a procession of the troop the voice announced that there would be a realistic and startling attack upon the Deadwood coach, exactly as it occurred in the west. The identical coach which had been attacked drove up in front of the stand. It had been riddled with bullets and burned black in many places. After shaking hands, a number of tourists climbed into the coach, and, at a crack of the whip, the six mules went galloping around the track. When the coach was about half a mile away, half a hundred Indians, mounted on mustangs, and in full war paint, were seen approaching it. They sneaked up from all sides, lying low on their horses and gradually closing in. Finally they swept down on the coach just as it came rushing toward the grand stand. The Indians blazed away at the tourists, and the tourists shot back at the Indians. Every horse was at full gallop, and the Indians were yelling like demons. Just as they came around in front of the grand stand a troop of cowboys, headed by Buffalo Bill and Dr. Carver, swept down the track and attacked the Indians. The blaze of firearms and the screeches of the Indians, together with the smoke and dust and roar, made an exciting time. When it was over, the spectators found themselves standing on the seats and yelling with the others. 
A long programme followed. The shooting of marksmen as they dashed up and down on horses was extraordinary. There was a buffalo hunt and a general fight on the plains. A one point the leader of the cowboys lassoed a bison. He dropped the rope and the buffalo rushed across the field. The cowboy followed him at a full gallop and, clasping the horse with his legs, leaned over sideways and picked up the rope while going at full speed. The buffalo turned suddenly, and the man was snatched suddenly from his saddle and sent headlong to the ground. He lay still for a  moment, then rose and limped after his horse. He got into the saddle, galloped once more after the buffalo, picked up the rope, and brought the beast up with a turn. 
A moment later an Indian rode hurriedly up to buffalo Bill, and the latter went off across the plain. A short time afterward a Pawnee Indian was brought into the camp in a wagon, and Buffalo Bill splintered and bound up his foot. In the buffalo hunt the brave had been thrown from his horse. His ankle was seriously sprained. He sat erect in the wagon while his ankle was being straightened, and gazed steadfastly before him. His face was utterly expressionless. 
So the wild west went on until nightfall, when the people took the trains for home, leaving the Indians at supper and Pop Whittaker in front of his tent, with a papoose on either knee and a pipe in the corner of his mouth. 
