Franklin Daily Herald September 25, 1885 pg. 2
BUFFALO BILL'S Wild West and Sitting Bull: commencing Sept. 30, at 7th Street Base Ball Park, Indianapolis, Ind.
Buffalo Bill's Wild West will give exhibitions of Western border life at the 7th Street Base Ball Park, at Indianapolis, Ind., commencing September 30, giving performances daily, rain or shine, during the week of the State Fair. 
The performances have been reconstructed and improved, and the company has been enlarged since the last appearance in this city. The latest acquisition is the renowned Sioux Chief Sitting Bull, and several of the celebrated warriors lately among the hostiles, including White Eagle and fifty-two Pawnee and Wichita braves. The programme consists of some remarkably astonishing exhibitions of marksmanship by Buffalo Bill, by shooting with the rifle and revolver at glass balls, on foot, on horseback, while on one spot, and while the horse is galloping at full speed around the track. He shoots sometimes at three balls at the same time, seldom missing. He also leads the Indians and cow-boys in the chase after buffaloes and wild Texan steers, illustrating the various modes of lassoing, tying, and riding off on the cattle after capture. The exhibition also includes feats of marksmanship, or rather markswomanship by Miss Annie Oakley, a young lady from the frontier, a celebrated rifle and trap shot, who does some astonishing things with a rifle; also the cowboy and kid Johnny Baker and Seth Clover do some remarkable skill in marksmanship.
Buck Taylor, king of the cowboys, does some wonderful feats in mounting the bucking horses which are very amusing, picks up his hat and handkerchief from the ground while on his mustang going at full speed.
Another feature of the show is the Deadwood coach incident. The rickety old coach, guarded by cowboys and occupied by passengers, is attacked en route by a party of redskins, who are repulsed by cowboys under leadership of the great and only Buffalo William. No less and interesting feature is the Indian war dance, the various races on ponies, on fleet footed horses, on jackasses, the pitching ponies, bucking horses, the obstinate and the jumping cowboy, lassoing and riding of wild Texas steers by Mexican cowboys, which creates a great deal of laughter. The exhibition winds up the final scene representing a settler's hut in the far West attacked by a party of Indians, the brave defense by the old lady and her two sons, the timely arrival of the ever-present cowboys, resulting in the rescue of the threatened family. Twenty additional Buffalos have been added to the immense company. 
Excellent music furnished by the famous Wild West cowboy band, who perform some very pretty solos. The exhibition throughout the entire programme is an exact representation of western border life. Messrs. Cody & Salisbury, who have a very large capital invested in this enterprise, deserve great credit for this undertaking, for it really is America's National Entertainment. They have been meeting with overwhelming success, and receiving the highest praise of the press.
