Fremont Eagle June 14, 1894 pg. 6
[Article contains graphics: "'I wouldn't answer that question,' said Major Burke." And "Autograph Hunters"] 
Colonel Cody Talks
He Believes in Woman Suffrage 
He enjoys the Life He Leads- Pursued by Autograph Hunters- Ideas on Other Subjects 
Big men are always gentle to women, so I was not afraid to interview Buffalo Bill. Like the good boy at school, he answered up according to his size- which is saying a good deal. Six foot three responded affably to five foot nothing, evidently recognizing the fact that the pen is mightier than- not only the sword, but the rifle as well. 
"Now," said Mr. Cody, after introducing me to his stalwart business manager, Major John Burke, "what do you want to know?"
"To begin with, Colonel, do you consider this life of yours the ideal life- I mean is it the life you would choose in preference to any other? I do not, of course, refer to the 'show' part of it, but to the outdoor exercise, the hunting, riding, etc., in short, the open-air life." 
"I wouldn't lead any other kind of life," answered the cowboy chief; "no other kind of life on God's earth; no, sir!" 
The Colonel went up one in my estimation after this confession. You seldom meet a man who has had the gumption to grasp the life he likes, or to confess it if he has. The Wall street broker tells you that he longs to live "far from the madding crowd," in the middle of a ten-acre field; the actor yearns for some remote little back parlor behind a shop; the tradesman would sell his soul to be a professional. Buffalo Bill chose his mode of life and is content. 
"Would you prefer the life, if it were not for profit?"
Before the Colonel could answer Major Burke interposed:
"The Colonel preaches this lie, shows the public how it's done- 'they that preach the Gospel shall live by the Gospel,' you know- therefore the Colonel has a right to live by it." 
"Do you think," I proceeded, "that the type of man produced by this sort of life is a pet with the women?"
"Why shouldn't women prefer men that are brave and strong?" asked the Colonel; "my boys have to be brave- why, they literally take their lives in their hands every day." 
"Do you find that sport and exercise supply the place of women's society? Some horse lovers aver that it does."
"Emphatically no. A hardy outdoor life makes a man value women's society intensely. The men out West, where there are few women, have the greatest respect and admiration for women. No men think as highly of women as the Western fellows."
"Well, sir, have you any ideas on woman's suffrage? This is the question of the hour, you know, otherwise I wouldn't thrust it on you." 
Col. Cody confessed that he had not thought much about it. "But, now that you speak of it," he said, "I am in favor of women voting. Why not? Women are developing wonderfully just now, and can do many things which they couldn't do twenty years ago. I think it's a good thing for women to have something to occupy their minds. Times have changed, and, whereas, a women would have been hooted a few years back if she had dared to work in an office along with men, now we recognize that so long as she does her work well and is womanly, she is far better there than wasting her time at home playing with the cat. My wife doesn't care about voting, but if she wanted to I'd let her trot right up to the polls every time." 
"Do you think the majority of women are capable of voting?"
"Yes, quite as much as the majority of men." 
"Hurrah! Colonel, you're on our side." 
"Of course, I am."
"Then you don't condemn women's clubs?"
"Far from it. I'd a good deal rather feel that my daughter was at a club along with intellectual ladies than out with some men. In fact, I think it is a capital idea."
"Do you approve of physical culture for girls?"
"Certainly, it makes them graceful." 
"I would like to know something about your boys. Are they the terrors painted by the dime novelist?"
The Colonel smiled. "They're the best-hearted, pluckiest, most faithful fellows anywhere. Will stick by me and each other till the last. They're a bit wild sometimes, after they've been in the saddle for a few days at a stretch and not a drop to drink- nowhere to get it- miles from anywhere. Then they have a wild spell. The reaction is perfectly natural. Men who drink every day never experience this." 
"What will you do for buffalo in the future? They say that the race is dying out. Will you breed them yourself?"
"There are not enough left to breed them from, but that won't make any difference. The show won't shut up because of the buffalo."
At this point in the interview an interruption occurred in the form of autograph hunters- ladies of course. It occurred several times during the interview. 
"Are you engaged, Col. Cody- we saw that you were talking to someone in the back tent?" said a lady. 
"Oh, I've excused myself for a minute," answered the Colonel. "I'm only being interviewed." He spoke of the process as gently as he might of manicure of chiropody. 
"Well, then, will you write us your autograph- we should value it so much?"
The hero of the saddle complied. 
And then I heard, "Thank you so, so , so very, very, very much!!!!"
Then the interview went on where it had left off. 
Here I caught sight of a peculiar and handsome ring which the Cowboy Chief wore, and as I admired it he told me the following story: 
"This ring was given me by the Prince Leopold, Regent and heir presumptive to the Crown of Bavaria, who will probably become king now. He came to see my show several mornings in succession and was skeptical about my bucking horses. He thought that we put tacks under the saddle or otherwise irritated them in some way to make them buck. He told me that he couldn't believe it was genuine. 
"Well, You Royal Highness," I said, "come round one morning and see them brought out, saddled and mounted for yourself. Then you'll be convinced." 
"He made an appointment for the next morning at 8.
"However, it turned out that he had to review his men that morning, at 8, so he came at 7, and, of course, I was not there. However, the horses were brought out just the same, Prince Leopold observing everything narrowly. He asked who was going to mount it. Thought there might be something in that. He was told that any of the boys would mount, it didn't matter which. 
"One of the boys was mounting when the Prince objected to the spurs. 'Take those off,' he said. 
"A Prince has to be obeyed. They were taken off. 
"All this time he was standing dangerously near the bucking horse. Langdon, my big one-armed cook, was standing near, and knowing the danger, begged him to come further off. 
"But he wanted to see everything, and, before there was time to prevent it, the horse had given a violent plunge, and horse, rider, cook and Prince were in a heap on the ground. I met a man riding up to me in great excitement. 
"'Make haste, Guv'nor, the Prince is killed, we think.' 
"When I got there he was insensible. But is a game old fellow, though 70 years of age, and he was soon up again. He was quite convinced about the genuineness of the bucking horses, and gave handsome presents both to Langdon and the man who mounted the horse. It was then that he gave me this ring." 
The ring is a marquis of diamonds and sapphires, decorated with the royal arms and Prince's monogram. 
"Now," said Buffalo Bill, as he tucked half a dozen complimentary tickets in my bag. "anything more?" 
"No, thank you, that's all." 
And if he isn't a pet with the women he ought to be. Don't you think so? - (J. M. W., in N. Y. Recorder.) 

