Ft. Wayne Journal Gazette July 20 1907 pg. 1
COL. CODY IS HERE
And Will Grace the Greatest Wild West Show in the World Today
Trains Bring the Wonderful Production from Toledo in Time for Breakfast in Camp
If you want to see the thrill that hazardous riding gives you, if you want to see one hundred Indians in their full war paint, it you want to see cavalrymen riding bareback, if you want to see the reproduction of battle scenes that happened forty years ago, it you want to see Arab acrobats and lots of other things
Buffalo Bill's Wild West is the place to go. Early this morning Buffalo Bill (Col. William P. Cody) and his troupe of rough-riders "composed of fifteen different nationalities arrived in Fort Wayne, over the Lake Shore 'railroad from Toledo and now that they are here they promise to "whoop it up" in fine style. Quickly, yet silent, the long train of cars was unloaded and it did not take long before the northeast side of this city looked as if it had been a port like Port Said. Every nationality seemed to be represented among that number of people who descended from the Wild West cars: Horses so well trained that they knew what they had to do as well as the men in the show, started to line up in the north side depot and each animal waited his turn to be attached to a wagon and began the work of hauling. Then as if a witch had shaken a wand over the grounds in the east side of the St. Joe River, big tents, little tents and canvas houses of every description appeared and it was not long before workmen sat down to a meal in the cook tent pretty soon "there was a loud hurrah, from, the thousands who were .watching and Colonel Cody, driving a team of white horses; arrived  at the show grounds, his snow white hair was caught in the breeze and as he sat in the vehicle he looked picture that would have afforded inspiration to many a writer or painter. He seemed to have found the long-wanted secret of perpetual youth.

Bronzed and tanned by foreign suns "Buffalo Bill" Colonel William F. Cody, after four years of travel in most of the countries of Europe, has decided that old Sol shines brightest in the Land of Liberty.
Today will be seen here in the greatest and wildest Wild West that has ever been presented before an audience. There will be more soldiers, more horses, more Indians, more bucking broncos than ever but the same Colonel Cody who has endeared himself to the American Public, ranging in age from 8 to 80, will be there in front of his Congress of Rough Riders in exactly the same way as he was five years ago.
Everything is ready for the two performances on the new circus grounds opposite the state school, on the traction [illegible] today. One will be given at 2 p.m. and the other at 8 p.m.
One of the most interesting and attractive features of the Wild West is the shooting o Col. Cody. With al the grace and ease of former years, with all the same skill and dexterity, Buffalo Bill shoots plaster balls thrown into the air by an Indian attendant while riding on a galloping horse.
  He seldom misses unless the sun is in his eyes, and his appearance denotes that he is older only in years. His eyes are just as clear and piercing as they were when he acted as a scout on the plains, and all his senses are as keen as the Indian of old.
Buffalo Bill has put together a great and wonderful wild west that has been said to be the wildest thing on the road. New horses, new riders and new everything have been added to the old exhibition, which was always a favorite in this country. It brought out the patriotic sentiment in the young and old alike, and refreshed the memory of many with the battle scene. It is educational institution so well depicted that one thinks only of the enjoyment without realizing they are being benefitted by the great show. There are 550 horse with the Wild West, 750 employees and more…
[Incomplete]
