Ft. Wayne Evening Post June 26 1896
BUFFALO BILL
Will Positively Appear With His Educational Show Monday
Cody's Record as a Government Scout and Indian Fighter - An Enormous Grand Stand
Probably no living personage occupies such a strikingly romantic position in contemporaneous history as does the famous scout, frontiersman and Indian fighter, Colonel William F. Cody, or; as he is better and more popularly known, Buffalo Bill, he represents a period in American history when the pathway of progress westward was marked with dangers and unsurmountable difficulties. The story of the advance of the pioneers as civilization marched onward towards the Rockies is filled with exciting incidents and thrilling experiences. Of course the chief obstacle to pioneer progress was found in the sturdy opposition and dogged resistance offered by the Indian tribes with whom, against whom and among whom no man has had a more varied and remarkable experience than Colonel Cody. In his Wild West exhibition, which is soon to appear here, many of these incidents and experiences are reproduced with the utmost fidelity, with real Indians, cowboys, scouts and hunters, headed by Buffalo Bill himself, thus affording a most valuable historical object lesson. To its attractions others equally fascinating are added, including a congress of rough riders of the world, and an extensive display of the finest specimens of cavalry soldiers from five great armies of the world. The horse and his rider will be exemplified by mounted cowboys, Sioux, Comanche, Poney and Black Feet Indians, Mexican Vaqueros, South American Gauchos, Bedouin Arabs, German Uhlans, French Cuirassiers, Russian Dragoons and the English Lancers. It is impossible to speak of these in detail, but they form a remarkably interesting and instructive congregation of horsemen. The exhibitions are given in an enormous arena, with a covered grandstand, seating 20,000 persons, who are perfectly protected from sun or rain. In the evening, night is turned into day by a brilliant electric display, produced by the largest portable double plant of 250,000 candle-power yet constructed.
In the morning there will be a free street cavalcade of detachments from each division and abundant music will be furnished by three magnificent bands lead by the famous Buffalo Bill's Cowboy band. It may not be out of place to say that this entertainment, which has afforded amusement and instruction to millions of people on both sides of the Atlantic, has been enlarged and improved for this season and is now under the joint management of Buffalo Bill, Nate Salsbury and Mr. James A. Bailey of Barnum's show.
The Wild West will be here Monday, June 29.
