Ft. Wayne Gazette June 30 1896
BUFFALO BILL

Has Paid the Citizens of Fort Wayne a Visit

Immense Crowds Visited the Performances Given Both Afternoon and Evening

Col. W. F. Cody's great Wild West show has come and gone. The event brought to the city a large crowd of people. The lame of Buffalo Bill had preceded him and everybody wanted to see him and his great combination. Early in the morning, the down town streets began to present an animated appearance, and at 10 o'clock, when the street parade was given, there was a perfect throng. The procession certainly was a study. There was nothing gaudy about it, but it was simply the grouping of representatives of almost every race of people, and as these rode side by side in the long line, it could not but attract the attention of all and was remarked as a most wonderful assemblage. Everything was genuine, also, which was another feature that is certain to impress itself on the beholder.

The performance is not only entertaining, but it is so different from the ordinary circus performance as to be a decided novelty. The mammoth tent contained thousands of people at the initial performance yesterday afternoon, and throughout the, audience was given not only entertainment, But instruction as well. The program opened with a grand review.' in which was represented all nations of the earth, and it was a decidedly interesting study. Particularly good was the exhibition of marksmanship given by Miss Annie Oakley. The skill shown by the lady borders on the wonderful. Johnny Baker also did some fine shooting, but it remained for Col. Cody himself to take the honors in this line. His skill has not been too strongly drawn by writers in speaking of it. The feats ho performed while riding at break-neck speed - the many wonderful shots seemed marvelous. Another particularly interesting feature of the program was the group of Mexicans who gave an exhibition of their skill with the lasso.

The evening performance was similar to that of the afternoon, and was witnessed by an immense crowd. The men connected with the show are clever to the greatest degree, and this doubtless has much to do with the success and popularity of the Wild West. The public, appreciate the efforts of Col. Cody to cater to their wants, and they freely reciprocate. The Wild West is popular because it knows how to treat the people, will wherever it and there is no doubt but it be greeted with large crowds.
