Ft. Wayne Sentinel July 17 1907 pg. 10

CONCERNING THE WILD WEST
Features Which Are Promised 
With Buffalo Bill's Wild West and Rough Riders.

It is announced that Buffalo Bill has prepared an entirely new exhibition for his home-coming tour, after four years abroad. "While, of course, the general style of the exhibition will be the same, there will be a change or scenic features, differing from any that have been seen with the show during the twenty-five years it has been before the public. Col. Wm. F. Cody, the last of the great scouts, will appear in the saddle at every performance, leading his Congress of Rough Riders in some remarkable exhibitions of expert horsemanship. The chief scenic feature will be the Battle of Summit Springs, a reproduction of one of the deciding conflicts in Indian warfare; a battle in which Col. Cody participated and in which he shot and killed Chief Tall Bull. Another pantomimic melodrama will be the Great Train Hold-Up, in which will be depicted the robbery of a train; a practical engine, cars and a realistic and true-to-Life representation of one of the many scenes of lawlessness which the west has known. In A Holiday at T-E Ranch will be pictured the pleasures and pastimes of the plainsman, cowboy sports and a dance upon the green. The contrast to this scene of peaceful revelry will be shown in a sudden attack by Indians. The Rough Riders' contingent will display themselves in difficult feats of horsemanship, Hazardous exhibitions of skill and a diverting and exhilarating routine of equestrian expertness and daring. In short there is no other entertainment like Buffalo Bill's Wild West and after twenty-five years before the public it is more popular than ever, and is in every way better equipped than it has ever been before.

The Wild West's Mission.
In 1883 when the Buffalo Bill Wild West lifted the curtain between the East, the Middle States and the vast Far West and revealed to the inhabited centers that chaotic conditions in the unknown land had been so far modified as to invite and justify confidence in a migratory invasion, it was hailed a valued method of publicly instructing the timorous masses. In dissipating the then innate hatred that for generations had been existing between the misguided red man and the antipathetic white, through making both better acquainted - the one with the industrial, habits and peaceful instincts engendered by commercial progress and the other with respect and pity for a foe defeated and suppliant for consideration-it accomplished in a brief time what otherwise would have taken years. This is now all history so well known as only to need reference as a grateful tribute to its value then and its justification for continuance, if only to familiarize the young and the newcomer from over the sea of what conditions had been, in the history of the struggle for the "survival of the fittest."

It returns now after its final visit to foreign lands to eventually finish its career on its native heath, after instructing in seventeen distant countries not only the masses, but the ruling emperors, kings, queens and others, in the past realistic scenes of life in a land of world-wide interest, but which they may never visit, facilitating their book studies of the story of the great peaceful American continent. The intermission of five years will render its return visit refreshing to its old patrons and doubly interesting to the new.

Many new features are added to the imperishable historic pictures amply emphasized in advertisements and publications. Colonel Cody, the last of the great prairie scouts, still leads the aggregation of races and nations that compose it, and will daily be in the saddle.

No street parade is given this year, every effort being expended on the performance twice daily, 2 and 8 p.m., rain or shine.
