Ft. Wayne News July 12 1901 pg 8

BUFFALO BILL HERE
Always the Main Feature of the Wild West Show

Detachment of Boers Cheered Along the Line of March Grand Street Pageant

Buffalo Bill and his great Wild West show arrived in the city early this morning and pitched the mammoth pavilion on the spacious White fields at the eastern end of Washington Street. The show is not given under a tent but in the open air and is devoid of the hot top canvas. The show grounds proper are perfectly ventilated and the canopy-covered seats are cool and comfortable.

There is a stupendous array of seats and at least 15,000 people can be seated.

The parade this morning demonstrated the fact the Buffalo Bill has many new features which attract great attention. He has made his show strictly up to date in every particular and visitors at the Buffalo exposition late in August, when the great show will open at the Pan-American, will be just as highly entertained as the citizens of Fort Wayne and the scores of visitors were entertained this afternoon.

The parade this morning was worthy of special and extended mention. Of course, Buffalo Bill himself is the greatest attraction. He heads the parade, immediately following the martial band, the only part of the show not mounted. The martial music with the national airs attracted throngs to the sidewalks along the entire line of the parade and the procession was enthusiastically greeted.

Buffalo Bill looks but little older than he did several years ago and is just as vigorous and just as active in giving a great exposition. Unlike circuses, everything about this exhibition is real.

The Indians are from the Wild West. The animals they ride, the way they "sit" their mounts and the decorations on their faces indicate that they are the real warriors of the plains.

This year, Buffalo Bill has representatives of the four great tribes of western redmen and they are all skilled in the special exhibitions of frontier life they are called upon to do in the Wild West show.

Two years ago the show was seen in the lakeside fields. This year, while there are still many sterling featured retained, there are many new novelties as the show travels along with the times.

The Boer and English war is not yet at its conclusion and soldiers representing both of the contending armies were in the parade today. The Boers were frequently cheered along Calhoun Street. The public cannot be deceived as to the genuineness of these South African settlers. They were recognized at a glance. From descriptions in the papers and from scenes of the war they were known at a glance. They nodded recognition to the salutes.

The British soldiers, too, with their uniforms which are worn in the war against the Boers were quickly identified. These warriors were not a warmly greeted.

The American Soldiers from the west from Manila, and from the scenes around Pekin were in the parade and they also attracted attention. There was the banner of the allied powers carried at Tien-Tsin, not recognized at first, but known at a second glance. There are many features which would enlighten the minds of the youth on the current history of the day. . The new features were particularly interesting. The big parade also contained the Wild West stagecoach, the artillery companies, the cavalry men, the American Soldier, the American Cowboy and the Cossacks, the Bedouins, the Arabs, representing the cowboys of the oriental countries.

The parade was long and the riders moved rapidly in review. It reached from Columbia Street to the block beyond the Rich hotel, yet it was not long in passing a given point. There is a hustle even in the parade which speaks well for the performance.

This afternoon the travel to the show grounds began early and the thousands were carried on the cars, in carriages, and many walked. The seats were well filled before the time for the performance today. So great is the desire to see Buffalo Bill's great show that farmers left the harvest fields for a few hours to be entertained. Many who never go to circuses cannot Buffalo Bill. It is a history in real action for the children.

Buffalo Bill's Wild West is undoubtedly the most unique exhibition of its time ever offered to the public. So big, that exaggeration is unnecessary; so comprehensive in its features that old and young, rich and poor are pleased with it; so valuable from a historical point of view that it receives the endorsement of the brightest minds of the land; and so broad in its scope that it touches on every phase of outdoor life from the plains of the great west to the deserts of the great Sahara, the exhibition is one that defies either imitation or competition. The best and most just thing ever said of Colonel W. F. Cody was that his exhibition was so real and everything was so genuine, that the public could not fail to believe every announcement made. The corps of life saver from the sea coast guard and representatives from allied forces that relived Pekin were interesting this afternoon.
