Ft. Wayne Sentinel July 13 1901 pg 7
GREAT WILD WEST

BUFFALO BILL'S MIGHTY SHOW IN THE CITY.

BIGGER, BETTER THAN EVER

All of the Best Old and Many New Features

WARRIORS FROM ALL CLIMES

Thousands Witness Great Street Parade

It was Col. W. F. Cody, some of the same cowboys, some of the Indians and Cossacks and various sorts of the world's rough riders who came in special trains to Fort Wayne this morning, but Colonel Cody had with him some rough riders and fighters who never before stepped cu: this historic ground, which in its day was passed by the feet of both red men and white men, who were leading strenuous lives and occasionally putting red dye stuff in these old rivers.

Everybody except those whose special business it was to be awake was asleep when the big aggregation reached Fort Wayne. The morning was fine and the atmosphere of a rather somniferous kind that makes the fellow who can sleep do it, and do it well.

THE PARADE
Everybody who can get away turns out to see the parade of the Buffalo Bill show. Probably because it's worth seeing. As this wonderful congress of the hardy fighting men of all nations rode through the streets today thousands of people formed solid banks of humanity on either side from curb to wall. Some shows turn out a longer procession than Buffalo Bill rides at the head of, but compared with it they size up in value about as an Alaska "sparkler," the size of a pippin does with an eight-karat diamond. Anyone who trades off the Wild West pageant for any of the others has a good bunch of change coaming to him.

Everything- in the procession is genuine. The Indians are of the kind a certain class of lurid literature of the plains invariably terms "red devils" The cowboys have had more than an education on a New York dairy farm. They are all-wool cowpunchers from the ranches out west. The soldiers who represent all the great nations are not spurious. They are real fighting1 men. The Mexican vaqueros, and the South American gauchos are "the real thing." The Boers, who by the way were more looked for and more studied than any feature of the parade, are from the Transvaal-the heroes of as desperate a war as modern times has seen. So, too, are the British soldiers. They are genuine Tommy Atkins, and several of them were with Baden-Powell in the heroic defense of Mafeking. Everything is genuine, nothing underdone or overdone. All has the rational balance that belongs to an educational institution, and that is what Buffalo Bill's Wild West show is.

SOLDIERY OF WORLD AWAKE
Some time later, the city of men who have fought under every flag under the sun awoke. Mexicans, Cossacks, Boers, British soldiers, French soldiers, German soldiers, Roosevelt's rough riders, cavalrymen, Arabs, cowboys and American Indians arose from their rough cots, yawned and cursed in every tongue.

The Boer and the Tommy Atkins who fought each other art Mafeking and Colenso, washed their faces in the same tin and used the same piece of soap and wiped their faces on the same towel. They afterwards drank from the same bottle.

They were the genuine article, too the Boer right from the veldt, the Britisher right from the kopje of faraway South Africa.

Commandant Van de Loo is a distinguished member of Colonel Cody's Boer outfit. He was a scout and took part in the battles of Magersfontein and Poplar Grove. There is William Beunk, next to him, who helped lay siege to Ladysmith. Jean Ondhaaf, another of the band, was wounded at Elandsfontein, and was one of the seven survivors of the fight at Bos kopje. These Boers were secured for the "Wild West" through the Butch headquarters at The Hague.

GALLANT CANADIAN'S.
Soon after the Boer and Britisher appeared, a crowd of cowboys put in an appearance, followed by a number of Cossacks. Then came seven men who served with Baden-Powell at Mafekhig. Another of the English soldiers is an 'Irishman Sergeant Clark and a member of the Scotch Greys. Tuohey is another Irish-English soldier, who not only fought with Baden-Powell, but marched to the relief of Gordon, and was in the Suakim campaign.

Among the more prominent members of the Canadian mounted rifles is Sergeant Bates, who saw the hardest kind of service in the Transvaal.

De Boos is the name of one Dutchman who fought at Spionkop, it is related of him that he climbed the top and planted a flag at its summit that attracted the British fire for an entire day, while the Boers were safe under cover at another point.

Canadians who were in the fiercest of the South African conflicts fraternize with their English brethren. They are clad in khaki uniforms and are a gallant looking lot. McDougall, who was once a mounted policeman in the northwest, and who went to Africa with the Canadian mounted rifles, has been the hero of many adventures and is a magnificent specimen of manhood.

SOME AMERICANS, TOO.
Our own country has her heroes also, and clean cut young fellows they are. From the Philippines, from Cuba, from Puerto Rico and from Tien-Tsin they come with tales of courage. Sergeant Bates, who fought with Grimes' battery at El Paso and San Juan during those eventful hot July days in 1898, peacefully talks of the scenes of carnage spread before him as he looked from the heights of El Caney on the city below. A trooper front the Seventh cavalry, which Ouster made immortal, and men from the rough riders and various other regiments typify American soldiery.

Captain Grant, of the life saving service, will demonstrate the use of life saving apparatus. Captain
Grant was stationed for year on the New Jersey coast. He has aided in saving hundreds of lives, bringing from one ship, the Guadalupe, eighty-two people.

Colonel Cody received The Sentinel representative in his private car and conversed long and interestingly about his career on the plains, his early struggles, his present aims and ambitions. It is not the desire of the colonel to remain in the show business all his life and very soon he longs for the silence of his ranch on the Big Horn basin in northwestern Wyoming.

The colonel did make his home in North Platte, Neb., where he still has a great ranch, but the country was not wild enough for him, and he has gone farther to the north. Colonel Cody says that the present year has been the most profitable in the history of the Wild West show. The principal reason for it, he says, is that we are in the height of prosperous times. Another reason is that the country is becoming like a huge spider web with interurban railroads, and these have a great deal to do with the prosperity of the show.

It is not generally known, but Colonel Cody is president of a college. This college, military in character, is situated in the new town of Cody, in Wyoming, which Colonel Cody built and in which he takes much pride. It has not been opened yet, but it is in the course of construction, the faculty has been selected and it will be opened in the fall.
