Ft. Wayne News July 20 1907 pg. 10
[Includes portrait]
BUFFALO BILL HERE
GREAT WILD WEST SHOW ATTRACTS THOUSANDS TO THE SHOW GROUNDS
A Performance More Remarkable Than Circus and More Entertaining-Many Features
The great wild west show headed by the noted scout and Indian fighter, Buffalo Bill, arrived early this morning from Toledo on two trains of cats.

Almost 1,000 men and as many horses were unloaded here at sunrise and hurried to the big show grounds near the Home for Feeble Minded. Owing to the magnitude of the great show there was no morning parade. This was announced in advance. People lined the streets, coming from all directions and in all sorts of conveyances to see the great show. By noon the interurbans had brought many hundreds of visitors.

Last night the great show gave a complete performance in the rain and the spectators, completely sheltered, enjoyed the exhibition with lightning playing over the scene.

The huge arena la in the open air, but the spectators are all sheltered with a fine spread of canvas over the tiers of seats which surround the spacious arena on all sides. The regular entrance is like a circus, but once inside the scene is entirely different. The lot is an ideal show grounds, on the sand hill, and the the Indians are a feature with their war paint and their feathers. In the afternoon the sharp shooting is done in the open air in the sunlight. In the evening a huge gasoline plant illuminates the arena and the seating space is brilliantly as day. Even the sharp shooting is accomplished with the same degree of accuracy at night and the performance is not slighted either day or night.

One redeeming feature of the Wild West show Is that the workmen do not begin tearing down the tents until the performance is concluded. The show is run with clock-like precision and the excitement of the action is thrilling and stirring. The air around the show grounds is one of bustle and novelty. Men thoroughly experienced in all branches of the circus business are with the show to look after the great performance, which goes with a thrill from beginning to end. There sire many features, too many to mention.

The Great show
Buffalo Bill's Wild West show is now a wild east show, for it has the congress of rough riders of the world. It is larger and better than on the occasion of its last visit here five years ago. Since then Col. William Cody with his great show has toured Europe and visited many party of the world. The rough riders of many nations have been added to the rough riders of America. Many countries are represented in this vast army of horsemen who have never even been heard of in the United States. The show this afternoon with its many new features attracted the attention and admiration of a large crowd, and the exhibition with all of its realism will be repented this evening at 8 o'clock at the field across the road to the south from the Home for Feeble Minded Youth, along the Driving Park street car line.

A large number of extra cars together with all the Robison park service will be used to transport the crowds with promptness and dispatch. The show is a great lesson for the children and also for their parents. This is an extraordinary attraction representing the early conditions in America. There is no such a lesson in history. The methods by which the pioneer explorers crossed the continent in their canvass covered prairie schooners fighting Indians on the way are shown. The Indians with war paint on their wildest and most savage state. It cannot be told in words; realism is shown in its wildest and most romantic form.

Buffalo Bill is still keen, erect, the same gallant horsemen as of yore, the same, noted scout of the western plains. He is seen at each performance with his long hair, sitting astride his famous saddle horses. He is the same man many years back who killed in a single-handed combat Yellow Hand, one of the most desperate-fighting Indians known in our history. He paved the way for railroads across the continent.

The foreign rough riders are just as Interesting, just as instructive in their way as our own white men and
Indians of the western plains. The exhibition of riders from nil over the world is a feature that is alone worth the price.

The children this afternoon had their imagination stimulated and they took a keen interest in the show. Then there is the battle with the Indians which is new in this locale. Then Buffalo Bill is still making himself famous by his sharpshooting, despite his advance years. Johnny Baker, and old favorite with the show, continues as the sharpest shooter of all the Rough Rider sharpshooters.
With age the Buffalo Bill Wild West show has been like champagne, constantly improving and yet retaining many of its former attractive features. The show goes direct to Chicago for a run in the metropolis of the west
