Ft. Wayne News July 22 1899 pg 4
A Lady in Advance
Miss Mayme Jester Paving the Way for Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show
This morning Miss Mayme Jester, formerly of the Dubluth News-Tribune, came to the city, not on a visit, but on business. She is traveling press representative ahead of the Buffalo Bill Wild West Show. She knows all about the Wilde West show and knows all about Mr. Cody because Buffalo Bill is her uncle. She is an accomplished conversationalist and also a fluent writer. She has mastered the "show language" and can describe a circus or wild west production to a nicety. She is pleasant, and enjoys her work. Miss Jester is just now experiencing her first year's experience on the road as a press agent, but already she has become accustomed to her work and can attend to her duties without trouble and can accomplish her work with dispatch. She called at the news office today and paid her respects to the hustling staff, despite the excessively hot weather.
In the speaking of a performance she recently saw, Miss Jester said:
"The grand review opening the evening's entertainment was what it had always been, a most superb spectacle, the whole scene being filled with a glittering crowd of horsemen, Indian, Cossack, Mexican, Gaucho, and cowboy, with attachments of the cavalry of England, Germany, Russia, and the United States and squadrons of Cubans, Hawaiians, Puerto Ricans, and loyal Filipinos.
At their head appeared the most gallant horsemen of them all, Buffalo Bill whose reception gave once more the most abundant evidence of his popularity.

All the accustomed features of the great show were given with their usual success, including the wonderful feats of marksmanship of Miss Annie Oakley and Johnny Baker, the pony express riders and the pursuit and rescue of the Deadwood coach by Buffalo Bill and his band of cowboys.

There were also splendid exhibitions of skill by a section of Captain Thorpe's battery D, of the fifth United States artillery, a musical ride by a squadron of the British sixteenth lancers and an exhibition of rough riding by a splendidly trained troop of Colonel Sumner's regiment from Fort Myer.

Capture of San Juan Hill
By far, however, the most attractive feature of the entertainment was the "assault and capture of the hill of Sa Juan." First was shown the gathering of the American forces, infantry, cavalry and Rough riders, marching in until the vast arena was filled with armed men who camped and sung around the watch fires till night fell, and then in the darkness disappeared most mysteriously. Dawn revealed at one end of the arena a grassy slope crowned by palm trees and a Spanish blockhouse defended by men in blue drill uniforms and broad sombreros.

Suddenly the American forces charged in, the men extending in skirmish order and opening brisk fire that was responded to by the defenders of the hill

Artillery wheeled into position and the rumble of the Gatling guns filled the building. The Spaniards replied, but the assailants pressed forward, and then, in a whirlwind of cheers and flying colors, went charging up the slope over the lines of the Spanish Dead.

Gymkana races, Indiana games, the buffalo hunt, and the attack on the settler's cabin brought a most exciting evening to a close.
