Ft. Wayne Evening Post June 24 1896
GREAT COMBINATION
Cody, Salisbury & Bailey a Single Show And that Is Buffalo Bill's Wild West and Congress of Rough Riders of the World. The announcement that the famous hero of the plains, the redoubtable scout and frontiersman, Hon. William F. Cody, or "Buffalo Bill," as he is even better known," is coming hitherward with his wonderful Wild West entertainment is an item- of news of tar more than local importance. The reputation of this remarkable man is world-wide and the prestige acquired by the unique display, producing life on the plains and prairies of the far west, is only limited by the boundaries of Christendom. For a number of years he amazed and delighted the people of many European countries; during the world's fair he afforded pleasure and instruction to millions of visitors to the great White City, und last year he and his vast show were located near New York. , And now we are to be afforded an opportunity of enjoying the wonders of the most instructive and, at the same time, thrillingly enjoyable entertainment it is possible for the mind of man to conceive. The marvelous sights and exciting scenes, depicting the various phases of pioneer life which are fast fading into nothing more tangible than historic memories, that enthrall those who are fortunate and wise enough to avail themselves of the opportunity of seeing the great Wild West, will long to be kept in mind when the transient delights of the wonderful panorama shall have vanished, perhaps never to return. A library of printed volumes could not teach such a graphic lesson in the history of our great country as that inculcated by Buffalo Bill" and his Wild West, with its cowboys, Indians and all the paraphernalia of pioneer life on the plains and in the forests of our land. But, in addition to all these, the object lesson is rendered doubly impressive and still more entertaining by other distinctive features, including a congress of the rough riders of the world, the daring horsemen of every clime and every country, including veritable specimens of the cavalry of all the great nations of the globe, not merely represented by individuals, but by detachments permitted by their respective governments to appear as a part of this great series of living pictures of a wondrous past and a mighty present. The coming entertainment has been planned upon a vaster scale than ever before, and this year not only has the skill, enterprise and experience of the old business associates, Colonel Cody and Nate Salisbury, been brought to bear upon all the details, but a third managerial magnate has been called into their councils and they have had the advantage of the wisdom and successful methods of James A. Bailey, for so many years identified with the triumphs of the late P. T. Barnum, Cody, Salisbury and Bailey! It is truly a great combination of managerial acumen and liberality, and one from which disappointment cannot possibly result. The Wild West, with "Buffalo Bill," will be here next Monday. Before that time we shall have occasion to revert again to this subject, and refer to the coming entertainment in more specific detail.
