Ft. Wayne Journal Gazette July 18 1907 pg 5
WILD WEST IS GREAT
COL. CODY IS SEEN TO ADVANTAGE IN HIS ENTERTAINMENT.
Historical Scenes from American History Finely Portrayed-Wonderful Indian Fight.
America has many celebrities deeds in war and in peace are, so far as the masses are concerned, confined to books. There is one, however, who so thoroughly belongs to time as to virtually live daily with the people whom he so well served, and that is William F. Cody, known to his generation, and destined to be remembered as "Buffalo Bill." This American hero comes not alone with his story from the historic scenes in which he figured, but with the very atmosphere of the plains, the Wild West, the Indian camping ground and the wild buffalo hunt, accompanying his work. The battle in which, nearly  forty years ago, a young scout killed  an Indian chief whose atrocities had marked the advance of civilization with horrors untold, is more than a matter of history to the public even to this day, for the scene is daily and nightly being re-enacted by the very scout who was the hero of that fight. Aided by the art of the first-class performance and emphasized by the energetic fact of the original scout-in the saddle, the scene is among the most telling of modern realistic presentations.

If there were no other features in Buffalo Bill's Wild West than his own appearance, and the real pictures of the scenes in which he won his fame, and his place in the affection of the American people, the performance would easily have first place among tent shows. But from the first features, which grows in interest, until the audience sees rough riders of every nation assembled as if they walked out of history, and out of scenes from Fonteney to Waterloo, from Moscow to Gettysburg, from the sands of Africa to the valleys of Wyoming, the show is entertaining. Thus the play becomes at once educational
In a dramatic sense, and this generation owes it to a time in which it lives to see and know as much of the strong lives and splendid daring which reduced the wild west to the empire of peace and prosperity that it now has become as possible.

It Is because of the educational value of Buffalo Bill's Wild West that it bids fair to entrance the country and crown his later days with a new and enduring fame. In the matter of horsemanship alone, the show is thrilling in interest. The pluck and skill of the men who rode down obstacles and a crossed prairies as the advance agents of civilization have never been shown as in this performance. It is by no means a physical trick alone by which a man rides a bucking bronco, for it is a matter of rare skill, and the great art of bringing into the service of mankind from wildness. Itself the most useful of animals, without which the development of the west would have been long delayed. The perils of the old stage coach days, so often attempted in circus feats, are vividly reproduced in this show, and the performance gives a better idea of the Indian in battle, and in camp, than it is possible to get elsewhere.

A Great Arena.
The exhibition is given under conditions of peculiar and original interest. The scenes are all enacted in the open air, the sky being the roof, while the audience, sits under canvas shelter. Into a great arena, at once suggestive of history, and satisfying to the most expectant mind, the scenes from Col. Cody's career are enacted. The wild buffalo has room for a long run ahead of the hunters. The sharp shooter, among them Cody himself, have the open air and natural environment for their practice. There the Indians assemble, pitch their tents, dance their war dance with wonderful naturalness, torture their white captives and retire for the night a strange silence seeming to settle upon the camp. Squaws with their papoosos, warriors with their paint and feathers, chiefs with their gorgeous outfits, all disappear under the rude tents. Out of the distance swoop down upon the camp the United States soldiers, aroused by the atrocities committed by the savages on the frontier. Out of their tents and to saddles and arms the Indians leap with thrilling alacrity. They are real Indians, and back and forth over the sward
the, battle rages, ending with the hand to hand encounter or rather horseback battle at close range, between Col. Cody and the Indian chief who was killed, falling from his horse at the feet of the animal ridden by his conqueror. This is not only witnessing spectacular scenes, not hearing about the past, this is seeing history in its very enactment. So that in projecting his Wild West Col. Cody has not only served the amusement world immensely, but he has contributed much to this country at a time when it is well that in the enjoyment of peace and success which Americans know they should not forget the dangers and hardships endured by the men who beat down the obstacles that stood in the way
Fine Feature
The racing and drilling of the Zouaves are fine features. The illustrations of the use of cavalry in the
Civil war the guns used being relics of that conflict, make up a feature of educational value, not to be fully estimated in brief review of the show. The cowboys are genuine in appearance and acting, while the illustration of the use of the lasso by the Mexicans is among the most interesting doings of the performance. 

Every motive which figures in sending men, women and children to the circus finds justification in the Wild West. Beyond that it is an American attraction which has to do with the late past, and which takes one on a fascinating and educating excursion into many of the romantic depths of American history.

Col. Cody is still a vigorous man and his part of the performance is done with wonderful grace and skill.

