Ft. Wayne Evening Post June 25 1896
ABSOLUTELY UNIQUE
Nothing in History Akin to Buffalo's Bill's Show.
Great Aggregation Will Appear Just as It Was During the World's Fair, Next Monday.
There is nothing in modern history more instructive and entertaining to the true American than the marvelous record of those pioneer days when the march of empire was extending the lines of progress across the plains and prairies No fancies of fiction can equal the stirring romances of real life among the pioneers in their struggles against the countless dangers and difficulties which beset them, and their contention against the fierce dumb brutes of the forest and foot-hills, and the still fiercer savages of the plains and canyons. All these things have almost passed from the actual cognizance of the present generation, and in a few short years at most will have been relegated to the limbo of the past and fade forever from remembrance. It is well, therefore, for those who have the opportunity of beholding the still existing evidences of those troublous and exciting times not to neglect the fortunate chance.
Buffalo Bill and his Wild West entertainment for several years delighted enormous audiences at all the great cities of Europe; in 1893 it was one of the chief attractions of Chicago during the world's fair, second only to those of the white city itself. Last year it was witnessed by millions in New York, and in 1895 it made a tour which included some of the most important localities the United States. All the original features have been retained and improved, and others have been added. They will include picturesque reproductions of Various phases of Indian life, with veritable cowboys and real redskins from various tribes of the far west, an unequalled aggregation of the rough riders of the world, including Vaqueros, Gauchos, Cossacks, Arabs, and Tartars, and also detachments of the finest specimens of the horse soldiery of England, Prance, Russia, Germany, and the United States, headed by the greatest horseman of them all, "Buffalo Bill" himself.
For young and old alike the opportunity will be an unusual one, and one most unlikely to recur. There is but one "Buffalo Bill," and the collection of such another Wild West exhibition in the future cannot be possible, as the materials are already ceasing to exist. The present entertainment is under the joint management of Nate Salsbury, James A. Bailey, proprietor of Barnum's show, and Buffalo Bill, a remarkable triumvirate, whose names are a guarantee of the vastness and completeness of the exhibition which will be given here next Monday.
