Ft. Wayne News July 6 1901 pg 5
REAL ROUGH RIDER
Major Burke Here in Advance of Buffalo Bill
Has Roughed it on the Plains - Says the Great Wild West Show is Better than Ever
Major John M. Burke, a real rough rider, but now too large for any real horse to carry him more than a block at a time, arrived in the city in advance  his old comrade of the plains, Buffalo  Bill who will be in Fort Wayne next Friday. Of course Major Burke's hair is slightly tinged with gray, but he manages to keep up with the times and is the same jolly, hustling gentleman he was twenty-five years ago. He wears more flesh than he did in his earlier day, but he wears it gracefully adorned with several new diamonds. He knows a good thing when he sees it, and he says that he has the greatest outdoor amusement enterprise on the road this year. The drawing powers of the show establish this fact. The crowds have been larger than ever this season, and the year thus far has been an immensely successful one.   Everybody goes to see this great Wild West exhibition. While Buffalo Bill is the same as ever, his show is almost entirely different. Some of the sterling features have been retained, but the modern innovations make the show more attractive than ever.

The show, which will be seen here next Friday afternoon, will go direct to Chicago for a big week's engagement. And later for a long run at the Buffalo exposition. It goes without saying that Buffalo
Bill's Wild West and Congress of Rough Riders is by far the most interesting outdoor exhibition in the world. One thing that has made it more famous than anything else is the absolute fact that there is no humbug about it. Barnum believed that the American people could not be happy unless they were humbugged. Colonel Cody displaced this fallacy by giving the American people just what they wanted in the way of a clean up-to-date exhibition, one that was instructive as well as entertaining and one that, above all, is just what it pretends to be, and has nothing of the humbug or counterfeit about it.

At Port Huron, Mich., a few days ago the life-saving crew spent the day with Colonel Cody's life-savers and the Canadian soldiers with the show entertained the Canadian soldiers who came down on an excursion from across the border.

Little did the people think when Colonel Cody's Wild West first appeared years ago, that its teachings in the art of war would be soon appreciated as of more than passing value, a reflection of only what has been. The stirring events of the past three years have shown that virility of martial manhood in its highest state of trained perfection is a necessity to the safety of the state, and that it lays a winning hand in the crises of sudden and unexpected emergency. The importance of this great object lesson has been demonstrated in the Spanish-Cuban war and is being daily exemplified in the South African contest between a mighty empire and a mobile aggregation of native horsemen. In the Philippines, also, America feels proud of the superiority of her regular and volunteer cavalrymen. The necessity of the horse and his expert rider has grown in importance in modern warfare. The strategy of the Indian and western frontiersman, the scout and trapper, enter largely into the generalship that opposes modern arms in a difficult topographical locality. Familiarity of the American with the horse can traced back to the necessity of the native people, ever since their migration from the coast to our great interior.

Colonel Cody's exhibition of horsemanship has been a great school, as one of its most noted features has been the "American cowboy" who, from the necessity of breaking wild horses, has won the laurel wreath of acknowledged supremacy as a rider. This year Colonel Cody has forty new range horses, especially captured during the winter and spring for the purpose of exhibition. When Columbus discovered America There were no horses on the North and South American continents. These horses are the decedents of the Spanish horses brought by Cortez to Mexico, escaping and running wild for nearly four hundred years. They acquired such habits of self-defense that had any one of them been the
"Wild Horse of Tartary" that Mazeppa was tied to, the American horse would have finished the story right there by the death of Mazeppa.

Illustrations of current history being one of the dominant purposes of the Wild West, the South African war naturally affords some of the most striking features this year's exhibition. At large expense and with not a little difficulty, a detachment of unquestionable genuine Boer soldiers, invalided men who all have honorable records of service in the field, have been brought from South Africa especially for this exhibition. Commandant Von der Loo, their leader, served with General Cronje, "the lion of the Transvaal," from the commencement of the war to Cronje's capture.

In the camp the Boers have met platoons of those gallant Canadian soldiers, the Strathcona Horse, and Canadian Mounted Riflemen, and also a little band the heroic defenders of Mafeking. Colonel Baden-Powell's men. And it is gratifying to record that their meeting and association have been amiable, frank, hearty and even genial, as becomes men appreciative of each other's soldierly qualities. They talk over events of the war, find they have been opposed in memorable fights and laugh over their perils and mishaps with as much thorough camaraderie as if they all had been under one flag. The Canadians are excellent types, not at all different from the men of the same rugged, adventurous class raised on our side of the border, in the west and northwest.

The presence of these new forces in the Wild West army has not served as an excuse for any diminution in the splendid comprehensiveness always distinguishing the show, or replaced any of its popular features. An exceedingly interesting and very remarkable new feature, introduced this season for the first time, and never before made, a part of public entertainment anywhere, is the exhibit of the United State life-saving service. A crew of picked men who have been in the service for years on the storm-swept Atlantic beaches of Absecon, Atlantic City, Monmouth, Sandy Hook and other sections have been engaged and provided with complete modern life-saving outfit, the use of which they will illustrate by practical work at each performance in the Wild West arena. It is expected that this number of the program will rival in popularity the exciting "bronco breaking"

The "Battle of Tien-Tsin" is the military Spectacle replacing this season the "battle of San Juan," which has been such an effective feature during the last two seasons. It is upon a very much larger scale than any presentation of its kind in this country heretofore, and as the hundred men engaged in it are actual soldiers, legitimate representatives of nearly all of the nations allied in the rescue of the legations at Pekin, it will undoubtedly be a brilliantly realistic affair.

Next Friday morning the Wild West will give a grand parade through the principal streets of the city, led by Colonel W. F. Cody (Buffalo Bill) in person.

