Ft. Wayne Gazette July 6 1901 pg 3
Maj. Burke in Town
Buffalo Bill's Wild West Advance Agent
Spent years on the western frontier - Had many a conflict with the redskin - Tells about the coming show
Major John, M. Burke, the advance press agent for Buffalo Bill's Wild West, is in the city and is a guest at the New Aveline. He arrived yesterday. He does not look a day older than he has for the past ten years and is in the best of health.
Major Burke's smile is just as bland as ever and his charming personality gains new friends every day. He is able to relate reminiscences by the hour and his stories never lack interest, whether he is talking Wild West show or relating his experience with the savage red man on the frontier. There Major Burke spent years and bears the marks of man conflicts with the untutored redskin
In the discourse of Wild West shows. Major Burke is of course, a home every day and every hour in the day and there are few men on the road in his line who can discourse more eloquently on the merits of a performance than he. 
It is two years since Major Burk came here in connection with the big exhibition whose popularity seem without limit. Last evening Major Burke told all about the exhibition of 1901:  
"The Canadian mounted rifles, the Strathcona horse, a detachment, of Colonial South Africans, and a squadron of genuine Boer soldiers, add strong additional human Interest to the Wild West show this spring." said Major Burke. "This is its first visit here in two years. The Boers with Colonel Cody are invalided men from different commands and most of them have been through the- entire campaign. Most of them have been several times wounded. They fought under DeWet and Botha. Cronis's surrender by the way, was largely brought about by the Canadians who, it will be remembered, on the last nigh crawled up to within 700 feet, and when daylight rose had command of the now famous laager. The Canadians were recruited from the mounted policemen of the northwest, the ranchmen, hunters, cowboys and gentlemen sportsmen of Canada. They not only won the respect of the Boers but astonished the imperial generals and authorities and the foreign military attaché.
The Boers arrived at New York on March 20 last. The Canadians arrived on the Numidian at Halifax having come direct from South Africa. Each member was presented in London with a medal by King Edward VII. I went to Halifax and secured these Canadians, and each man among both the Canadians and the Boers has his written discharge and can show his wounds. Notable among them is McArthur, for whose rescue young Richardson, of Ottawa, received the Victoria Cross.
"Another new feature is a party from the government lifesaving corps with their apparatus and bomb-firing life-line machine. Those men have seen actual service, and the exhibition to be given will be highly educational to all, as showing what money the government expends, how it is utilized and what benefits accrue from it. Another effective feature is the battle of Pekin, which has a peculiar interest to-day, as being one of the latest exhibitions of dash and daring, and directly connected with the United States army history. Colonel Cody is fortunate in having with him representatives of all the allied forces. He can therefore give the variegated costumes and the military effectiveness with absolute adherence to truth. All the other features that belong to heroic horsemanship are retained, and if anything, are more effective than ever before. The indorsement at New York this year is proof of this; it is an actual fact that more people were turned away there within three weeks than obtained admittance to the exhibition."
When asked about the attendance Buffalo Bill was having this year. Major Burke remarked that he was having great crowds and was turning people away at every performance notwithstanding the fact "that the show has had miserable weather. "Bad weather, however, only improves the show," remarked the major, and a, ticket is worth ten dollars on a rainy day. Although we only charge the usual rates."
Speaking of the prolonged and continued success of Col. Cody's exhibition, Major Burke said: "The solution is that the people have gradually been educated up to a standard of appreciation of the merits of horsemanship and the necessity of personal physical culture in the seasoned soldier and the absolute necessity of the horse, at least in military emergencies. These facts are not founded on fiction and modern warfare means mounted men. The eyes of the world are fixed on the horse, while the fate of nations depends on the rider. These facts accepted, the school is the prime factor and the seat of learning, a seat in the saddle in Buffalo Bill's Wild West and congress of rough riders of the world because it illustrates, equestrianism In its every phase and… [Incomplete]
