Ft. Wayne Gazette June 19 1896
[Includes small illustration]
GREATEST OF ITS KIND.
Buffalo Bill's Army of Indians, Cowboys, Cossacks and Gauchos.
In a few weeks the Buffalo Bill's "Wild West and Congress of Rough Riders," in all its pristine picturesqueness and exciting episodes that characterized that section of the country in the period described, will be moved to within easy reach of our readers; the warhoop of the Indians, the cries of the frontiersmen, the crack of the rifle will echo through this ordinarily quiet and peaceful region. Probably everyone here knows by this time that Buffalo Bill is coming with an army of Indians, cowboys, Cossacks, Gauchos, and representatives of other portions of the globe, to depict not only the routine of daily life in the west in the days that are gone, but also to illustrate skill in marksmanship, rough riding, etc.
The area where the horseman go through their difficult feats will be an enormous enclosure capable of seating 20,000 comfortably, and which will be illuminated at night by an electric outfit of 250,000 candle power, the largest of its kind in existence.
And at the head of the show is Buffalo Bill himself. Colonel Cody's career as a scout and pioneer of the frontier is too well known to need recital here. He not only directs the entire entertainment but will appear at each performance, afternoon and evening. The Wild West exhibition, which created a furor for several years in Europe, in 1893 at the World's Fair, and last year in New York, has been enlarged and improved in many of its details, and is the most remarkable educational, as well as entertaining enterprise of the age. This year, with Col. Cody and Nate Salisbury, the old Wild West managers, has become associated Mr. James A. Bailey, now and for many years at the head of Barnum's great circus displays. Besides the reproduction of the wild west life there will be a congress of rough riders of the world and also a grand military display by the choice cavalry of the leading European nations, including the Gorman Cuirassiers, French dragoons, the royal Irish lancers, and a detachment of Uncle Sam's own cavalry boys.
This will undoubtedly be the greatest entertainment of its character that has over visited tins locality. It will be here on Monday, June 29, at Lakeside.
