Ft. Wayne Sentinel July 18 1907 pg 5
No Wild West Parade

Buffalo Bill Will Not Give a Street Pageant When He Visits This City.

For many reasons the management of Buffalo Bill's "Wild West has decided to abandon the street parade which has, in years past, been the usual thing with traveling organizations of this size and character. It is set forth that in many instances the late arrival of the trains bearing the paraphernalia makes it impossible to give a parade and start the afternoon performance on time.

Through these delays the public is compelled to experience a tedious wait while the work of preparing for the performance goes on. Again it is considered an unnecessary hardship to compel men and horses to parade for two hours before beginning the afternoon exhibition, especially when It is considered that two shows every day are the rule with Buffalo" Bill's exhibition. By doing away with the street pageant men and horses are fresh for their performance and it would seem that the public is entitled to a perfect performance, which it pays for rather than to a free street parade which gives, at best, but a poor idea of the magnitude of the "Wild West exhibition. Another reason which has served to Influence the decision is the fact that merchants in the cities visited object to parades because they interrupt business and interfere with general traffic. So strenuous is this objection that in. many cities a permit to parade cannot be secured and in other, places the fee demanded is set at such an exorbitant rate that it practically prohibits street pageants. In any event the management is satisfied that the public prefer an afternoon performance given with snap and vigor, displaying the best efforts of the participants, rather than to have their entertainment interfered with through the fatigue of the participants after two or three hours of street parading in all sorts of weather.

The public is reminded, however, that in moving the properties and paraphernalia, of the "Wild West from the railroad to the exhibition grounds will in itself constitute a parade of greater interest and vastly more novel than any other organization can offer. The engine and cars used in "The Great Train Hold-Up" will be accompanied by the original bandit hunters of the Union Pacific as an escort and the sight will be one which has never been seen in this or any other country save in conjunction  with Buffalo Bill's exhibition. The Indians and Rough Riders will ride their horses to the grounds and the sight will be an ample reward for the elimination of the hackneyed parade of other days. Incidentally it may be mentioned that when weather permits Col. Cody will take a drive through the principal streets to convince the public that the old scout, is still in the harness, ready to appear, as he positively will, at every performance.

Buffalo Bill's Horsemen. 
The Rough Rider contingent with Buffalo Bill's Wild West, forms one of the most remarkable assemblage of equestrian experts ever presented to the public in ono exhibition. They have been gathered from all parts of the world and represent the most skilled horsemen of the various nations they represent. Their saddle methods are many and varied, ranging from the reckless daring of the Russian Cossack to the military stateliness of the Royal English Dragoons. Prominent among the Rough Riders will he our own American Indians, cowboys and western girls, who may he depended upon to uphold their reputations and the reputation of our country. Assembled in this body of riders will also be Japanese cavalry, now seen for the- first time in public; Mexican, vaqueros, in their picturesque attire; South American gauchos, the dandies of the exhibition; German cuirassiers, Bedouin Arabs, the Irish Lancers and other representative horsemen gathered from far and near. Never before have so many varieties of nations been represented in a public exhibition, and leading them all twice daily Buffalo Bill will appear, rain or shine, the most dashing, dauntless horseman of them all. The horse will also play his original role in the big battle scenes which form a part of the Wild West exhibition, and in the other scenes he will re-enact the important part he took In helping to redeem the western wilds to the uses and advantages of civilization. In the cavalry drills, In "The Great Train Hold-Up." In "The Battle of Summit Springs" and in other sections of the Wild West exhibition the horse will be put forward as the most important and essential factor in the entertainment. Lovers of the horse may always depend upon Buffalo Bill to show the equine at his best, regardless of the oncoming automobile era which threatens him.
