Ft. Wayne Sentinel July 6 1901
Maj. John M. Burke, in advance of Buffalo Bill's Wald West, arrived in the city last evening and is a guest at the New Aveline, where the inscription upon the register reads: "John M. Burke, United States."

Major Burke in Fort Wayne
Famous Soldier Heralds Buffalo Bill
Talks of affairs in general, but is eloquent of the greatest show on earth

Major Burke - there is only one - is in Fort Wayne.

The great soldier, Indian fighter and frontiersman, has come on his periodical mission to herald the approach of Buffalo Bill's great Wild West show and congress of the world's rough riders, which will exhibit in Fort Wayne next Friday, July 12.

The genial major arrived in town with an unusually choice consignment of good stories, a carefully selected lot of sage observations on politics, the weather, European complications and the world in general. But of the unprecedented excellence of Colonel Cody's wonderful show his tongue is more eloquent than even its wont. Major Burke's genius has contributed largely to make Colonel Cody's exhibition the mighty affair it is, and when he begins to discourse of that topic he warms up like a war orator.

Major Burke has a host of warm friends in Fort Wayne and when he comes to this city his appearance is hailed with delight. No more captivating personality is conceivable and his conversation is of a sort to charm away mindfulness of all ills.

His travel has been of the most extensive kind, his fund of anecdote is inexhaustible and always fresh, and he can monopolize a conversation and find himself welcome to the kindly usurpation.

The major seriously affirms that Buffalo Bill's exhibition this season is vastly more interesting and exciting than ever before, and says that the attendance wherever the show has appeared has been of the record breaking order. People have been turned away in nearly every city because the crowds seeking admission exceeded the capacity of the mammoth enclosure.

They Look For It
With each recurring spring the young American becomes more and more enthused with the possibilities and accomplishments of Buffalo Bill's Wild West. The advent of this exhibition each year creates a greater commotion in the breasts of the young generation, a greater commotion, in fact, than was formerly caused by the circus. Boys, after all, are like men, and sooner or later crave for that which is real. That is why Buffalo Bill's Wild West is so popular. With its real Indians and scouts and cowboys of the west; with its bucking broncos, that are ever ready to give evidence of their genuineness; stage coaches that have actually seen service, and the scores of other stirring lively features, it is small wonder that the average boy worships at the shrine of Buffalo Bill and succeeds in persuading even the most penurious father to secure tickets for the exhibition. This year, in addition to the old features, will be the Boers from the Transvaal, men who fought with DeWet, Botha, Cronje and Joubert, and Britons who were with the Strathcona horse, the Canadian mounted rifles and Baden-Powell Then there will be a corps of United States life savers and a grand congress of the armies of the world, as they appeared at the battle, of Tien-Tsin in the relief of Pekin.

In addition to the many familiar and popular features that have gone to make Buffalo Bill's Wild West the largest and most popular of all exhibitions before the public, the management has introduced other novelties and more interesting features that are worth more than a passing comment. It is a work of merit to be able to bring into one arena, as they will do next Friday, a number of English soldiers who served under Baden-Powell during the siege of Mafeking, a number of the famous Strathcona horse and Canadian mounted rifles, as well as a splendid contingent of genuine fighting Dutch farmers, otherwise known as Boers. All these men, both Briton and Boer, were actual participants in the fighting in South Africa and bear with them official documents to prove nil the claims they make for themselves or that are made for them  by the management.

