Ft. Wayne Gazette June 23 1896
HALSTEAD ON BUFFALO BILL.
A Well-Known Writer Discusses the Big Show.
Cincinnati Commercial - Gazette 
It is a well-known fact that among the many distinguished men who delight in sounding the praise of Buffalo Bill and his Wild West, Murat Halstead has always been one of the most enthusiastic. He, with James G. Blaine, Simon Cameron, Chauncey M. Depew, Edison, Theodore Tilton and other well-known Americans visited the performances of the Wild West in Paris repeatedly, and among the reviews and writings about this great show, which is to be here Friday and Saturday, there is none so highly prized by Major John Burke, the genial manager, as the following from Mr. Halstead's pen in 1894:
"I feel it a duty to the generation to call special attention to the Wild West exhibition under the direction of Col. Cody. Its genuine character makes it worthy of the highest commendation. The horses, their trappings, the people, and all the wonderful skill and daring, are beyond the suspicion of imposture. The riding is the most thrilling and at the same lime, most export horsemanship ever presented to the public. Twenty-live years hence it will be impossible to reproduce such thrilling phases of frontier life, as it would be today to enact the Grecian games at Olympia. Greeks It is true, still exist, but the Greeks of the days of Heracles have vanished. The splendid assemblage on temples on the banks of Alpheus stream arc In wreck and ruin; the discus-throwers, the wrestlers and the charioteers of ancient Hellos have melted into dust. So in n generation's time will have disappeared from our western plains and mountain fastness, the cowboy and the painted savage, forever. From an educational standpoint of view, rather than as an amusement, should every American study the Wild West show.
"Another word about Buffalo Bill's Wild West object lesson. He is here in great form, completing the conquests of two worlds. I have witnessed his triumphs in both. Every one knows how he took the scalp of Europe and wears the glittering trophy at his belt. He has added largely to the attractiveness of his exhibit and deserves the success he has had and the crowning triumphs before him throughout the season that has been opened so auspiciously for him. There is one now feature worth traveling a thousand miles to see, and that is the cavalry of four nations - the United States, England, Germany and France. A troop of the cavalry of each of those nations appear in the regulation uniform, bearing their respective flags, and the bold riders going through the most elaborate evolutions, display all the witcheries of consummate horsemanship. They are as well worth seeing as the cowboys or the savages, the Mexicans or the Cossacks. The one sight that ought to interest every American is the gallant company of the United States cavalry. As our men have usually been in hard service or remote stations the great masses of our people are most wholly unacquainted with them; so that the exhibition of a troop of our regular horsemen is as novel as it Is pleasing."
The Wild West is a much greater show to-day than at the lime of Mr. Halstead's writing, and its performances here will more than justify his praise. The show had immense audiences at Cincinnati yesterday and Monday.
Buffalo Bill will be in Fort Wayne in person on the 29th, and the show will, we are assured, be just the same as it was given in Chicago during the World's Fair.
