Ft. Wayne News July 27 1899

Will See Heroes

Many of the Rough Riders With Buffalo Bill This Year.

Miss Mayme Jester, the young women press representative of Buffalo Bill's Wild West, who was in the city a few days ago, as detailed in the News, tells Hindi of the inside of the great slow and ninny of the little gossipy incidents live very entertaining.

In the Wild West show this year," said she, "we have a number of the heroes of Santiago, men who stormed up San Juan the sort of men whose names never get into the newspapers unless they on the list of wounded or dead. We could have obtained a regiment of them if Colonel Cody could have handled so many, for after those who were mustered out in the cast heard that Buffalo Bill was to carry as an attraction men who had fought at San Juan there were scores of applications every day. The men had become accustomed to outdoor life and they anticipated a fine time in traveling about the country with the show this summer.

"With Buffalo Bill's Wild West this year are a number of Filipinos. They make their first appearance along with the other newly acquired nations of the United States, and Announcer McCarthy honors them as he does the others. The management of the show does all that it can and deals out fair treatment to each and all. But the patriotism of the American people is over-bounding these days and while other peoples and features the Wild West receive ample and loud cheers, the poor group from the newest possessed country encounters hisses. At it, when the Filipinos rode about the real circle of Madison Square Garden.
New York, all noises sounded alike. It did not take them long to catch on, and then there was mutiny. Colonel Cody, who gets along so successfully with all the strange folks, and unravels all sorts of race tangles, found the hurt pride of the recently imported people a puzzling thing. He explained, excused, offered balm of many kinds. For a while it looked really bad. And the worst of it was that all the disturbances centered bout a people, women and men, and all of them together not big enough to make good sized American. Finally, toward the close of the New York engagement, the insurrection was put down in some way, without slaughter on either side. Colonel Cody refused to tell just how the latter was arranged, but is just a trifle conceited about his powers.

And so the people who have been forced to take an interest in Filipinos, however much against their own ideas and inclinations, will be able to see what manner of people arc causing such a vast amount of trouble now."

The Wild West will be in Fort Wayne Aug. 5, and the Filipinos will appear both in the parade and afternoon and evening performances.

