Ft. Wayne Journal Gazette July 9 1901 pg 6
HISTORY BROUGHT BACK TO LIFE
COL. CODY PREPARING TO INVADE FORT WAYNE.
Bigger Show Than Ever-Capture of Tien-Tsin Graphically Portrayed - Vivid Realization of Happenings in the Boer War.
On Friday at Fort Wayne Colonel Cody will entrench his main "laager." rest his weary "trekkers," and open his campaign to capture many thousands of his admirers and ransom them with the barter of a few shekels for a superior quality of excitement, education and pleasure. That all may be convinced of the magnitude of the Commando, and have a close inspection of the- strange peoples and races, Colonel Cody will give a popular review of the allied forces on the streets.

Differing, as it does in all other respects from other exhibitions. Buffalo Bill's Wild West stands as a living monument of historic magnificence. Its distinctive feature lies in its sense of realism, bold dash and reckless abandon. It is not a "show" in any sense of the word. On the other hand, it is an original, genuine and' instructive object lesson, in which the participants repeat the heroic part they have played in actual life on the plains. In the wilderness and in the mountain fastnesses. So many new and thrilling features have been added this year that it is impossible to enumerate them all, but probably the most interesting is a vivid reproduction of the battle of Tien-Tsin and the relief of Pekin. Then, there are also Boers from South Africa, who served with both DeWot and Cronje together with Starthcona horse and Canadian mounted rifles.

A feature of special interest will be a drill by a corps of United States life service men and an exhibition of the working of the "breeches-buoy." This will be accomplished by veterans of the corps especially drilled for [illegible] purposes by a prominent officer of the service, and the paraphernalia used will be exactly the same as that used by the government employees. This corps during 1900 saved nearly 3,400 lives and eight million dollars' worth of property, and the heroes it has made are equally as great as those who have emerged with honors from the world's great battle fields.

The most thrilling episode of the Chines Boxer war was unquestionably the battle of Tien-Tsin, and the siege of the missionaries and foreign legations in Pekin. The dauntless courage, irresistible dash, and invincible impetuosity of the allied forces ban never been outrivaled in the history of war. The scene itself with its picturesque surroundings aided by the gorgeous wealth of color of the different uniforms worn by attackers and attacked, make this a splendid subject for reproduction, aside from its value as a historical event. A faithful representation of the event will be given at every performance of Buffalo Bill's Wild West. Special attention has been paid to the accuracy of every detail; nothing has been added to or omitted from the illustration. And the perfectness of the entirety has been freely commented upon wherever the Wild West has exhibited this season

The streets will be crowded by old and young, rich and poor, business man and newsboy, who will be out in force to see Buffalo Bill. No one seems to be ashamed to own that they have gone a block or a dozen blocks out of the way to see this peerless plainsman. The public is ever ready to welcome Buffalo Bill because they know be is just what he pretends to be. Nine men out of ten are familiar with the life and are cognizant of the great, services he has rendered his country. They recognize in him, a type of American, that is fast disappearing and seeing in him the unpretentious man of action, they are ready to do him homage. Colonel Cody has changed very little with the years and when he heads the procession on his arrival in the city will be immediately recognized.

The arrangements for Buffalo Bill's Wild West exhibition are the most perfect imaginable. The spectators are roofed in from the sun or rain but are practically in the open air, the performance being given in a huge open enclosure almost surrounded by the spectators. The intense heat which would be unbearable in a circus tent is thus avoided. Seventy-six arc lamps are strung around the enclosure, making it at night as light as day. The electric power is furnished by Buffalo Bill's own plant, the engines being shown in the parade. These are double dynamos of 250,000 candle power. It is the largest entertainment arenas in the world. Its seating capacity can provide for 10,000 people. There is no huge tent covering to sag with rain water and no top canvas and big poles for the winds to dangerously sport with. The situation of the spectators is necessarily one that is comfortable, it being one where there is pure air and good light and altogether conducive to healthy conditions. The view is unobstructed as the exercises are chiefly on horse-back. The size of the arena for the first time in history enables the presentation of a lifesaving crew in action. The government, recognizing this this has given Colonel Cody material and men that the public may see the method of rescue by means of the breeches buoy. The addition of Boers and Canadians who fought, in South Africa justifies the claim that this season the Wild West is bigger and greater than ever. All are invited to closely inspect the street parade that will be given on the morning of the day of exhibition.

