Ft. Wayne Journal Gazette July 11 1907 pg 7
BUFFALO Bill WILL NOT PARADE
But His Organization Will Afford An Unusual Street Scene When It Arrives In This City. 
One of the strangest sights that our Streets have ever presented will be seen Saturday morning, July 20, when Buffalo Bill's Wild West appears in this city. The engine and cars which will be used in the production of The Great Train Hold-Up" will be taken through the streets from the railroad train 'to the exhibition grounds under the engine's own power. The train will be escorted by the original bandit-hunters, some of whom participated in the very train hold-up at Wilcox, Wyoming, upon which Buffalo's Bill's present production is based. In planning for "The Great Train Hold-Up" the management experienced great difficulty in providing for an engine, as it would be quite impossible to transport a real locomotive from town to town and use it in the exhibition. It is a peculiar fact in presenting a scene typical of the primitive west that the latest Invention of modern civilization was called upon to solve a difficult problem. An electric dray, used originally in transporting merchandise through the city streets, was called into requisition, as the basis for Buffalo Hill's mimic locomotive. The wheels of the truck, reconstructed to suit the purpose, form what arc the driving wheels of the real locomotive. Upon this basis a superstructure was erected in imitation of a practical locomotive. The Inventive ingenuity of the Yankee provided the engine with an appliance which emits black smoke with the loud puffing noise of a real engine. There is a whistle and bell, an electric headlight of great power, and the engineer, seated in the cab operates the engine and all of its appliances after the same manner flint the rail road engineer controls his iron-horse. It can readily be imagined that this imitation locomotive, drawing it cars escorted by a company of sheriffs United States marshals and bandit hunters, assembled in the west present an unusual sight surpassing as a novelty In street pageants anything ever provided by any exhibition in this or any other country. Add to this strange spectacle the sight of a band of Indians and the large contingent of horseman with their armaments riding to the grounds, one can form a better idea of what may be expected in the street parade as it is ordinarily constituted. When the paraphernalia and horsemen arrive at the grounds the public will be able to witness an equally unusual sight in the erection of the Indian teepees and the work of preparing the arena for the exhibition.
The public is reminded, however, that in the moving properties and paraphernalia in the Wild West from the railroad to the exhibition grounds, will in itself constitute a parade of the greater interest and vastly more novel than any other organization can offer. The engine and cars used in "The Great Train Hold-Up" will he accompanied by the original bandit hunters of the Union Pacific as an escort and the sight will be one which has never been seen in this or any other country, save in conjunction with Buffalo Bill's exhibition. The Indians and Rough Riders will Ride their horses to the grounds and the sight will be an ample reward to the elimination of the hackneyed parade of other days. Incidentally it may be mentioned that when weather permits, Col. Cody will take the drive through the principal streets to convince the public that the old scout still in the harness, ready to appear as he positively will, at every performance.
