Ft. Wayne News July 19 1907 pg 6
Wild West Show
Buffalo Bill and his Wild West Show Will be in Fort Wayne Saturday
It has been five years since Buffalo Bill and his big Wild West show toured the United States. During his absence William Cody has toured Europe and picked up the greatest horseman among the foreign countries. The great show now presents the rough riders of the world together with his American Wild West exhibition. Col. Cody still in person leads the congress of rough riders of the world as he sits erect in his saddle.

The exhibition or we might say pantomime drama, is famed for its historical accuracy and simplicity.

The dramatist relies on scenery, costume and character to secure success for his drama. The Indian half naked, and daubed with the ochre dug from his tribal war paint mines; the cowboy, half man, half horse, clad in leather below the waist and plumed above his wide brimmed sombrero flapping in the wind, his gun handy his fingers; the cavalry soldier in rough and ready uniform with sabre and carbine, also the Cossack, Japanese, Mexican, Arab, and military squads, all are the real thing in Buffalo Bill's wild west.
The Indians, cowboys and cavalrymen are dressed and armed just as they were when the great far west was a terrible habitable land.

There is absent the glamor of the footlights, the cunning use of electricity, the lavish display of tinsel, yet riotous in color. It is simplicity and reality, effulgent in its native brightness.

The return season, the management are adding to its historical interest several additional episodes identical with the story of the west.

A new feature will be a view of ranch life in the happier days, showing the early pioneers and settlers in a holiday revel, introducing some trained Texas mustangs in the exhibition in the style of the [illegible]. 

The same complete exhibition that lately captured New York will be given here. There will be no street parade this year.

The show will pitch its tents on the field opposite the Home for Feeble Minded.

