Ft. Wayne Gazette June 28 1896 pg 5
[Includes Illustration]
AN IDEA
Carried Out to Perfection in Buffalo
Bill's Show
An Exhibition That Possesses Value From an Educational Standpoint.
Maj. John M. Burke, the veteran and well-known advance agent of Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show, has been in the city for the past few days making arrangements for that combination appearance here. To a Gazette representative Maj. Burke talked interestingly of one of the most important epochs in the world's history of amusements.
"It was in 1883," he said, "that the experiment was made of combining tableaux or animated pictures of western history into one continuous plot, thereby making a play that carried a story, as well as furnishing in realistic manner some of the most exciting adventures and native mannerisms of the people of the plains. The idea was carried out as originally intended, with living white and red men, broncos, wild horses, buffalo, elk and wild cattle indigenous .to the soil and history of the then romantic frontier. Col. W. F. Cody (Buffalo Bill) was the originator, and associated with himself Mr. Nate Salisbury, who, like Cody, was full of energy(, grit and dating, and also like Cody, had been a soldier in the war for the preservation of the union.
Its European Triumphs. 
"At that time," Major Burke continued, "it was recognized as a daring innovation to put together, successfully, native, natural elements that, while instructive and true to nature, must at the same time be success was assured from the start, but the most enthusiastic patrons never dreamed of the ambition and far-sightedness of the men at the helm. They secured me to manage the affair, und, if I must say it myself"- here the Major looked as modest as any well-constituted advance agent could be expected to look-"I don't know that they have over had any cause lo regret it. The reading public is familiar with our triumphal continental tour-how we literally stormed Europe with an attraction for which we heard many predictions of failure before leaving for the other side."
Its Historical Accuracy.
"The history of the show," went on the major, "is made up of a daily record of triumphs in every land- England, Scotland, Wales, and continental Europe from Barcelona, Naples, Vienna on the extreme south, on to the North Sea, During those eleven years the internal improvements can only be expressed by the word 'evolution,' interpreted to its broadest sense, by the experience, travel, growth and present" magnitude of the world's now most noted amusement enterprise; ono exceptional in its naturalness, the genuineness of its people and the educational merit of the original subject, combined with an annexation of the history of man and horse,' from the Arab of the desert to the Cossacks of Russia, the South American Gaucho from the Argentine, the old Mexican Cabaliere from beyond the Rio Grande, down to the expert cavalryman of the most famed of military nations-the United States, England, France and Germany-whose furloughed soldiers are permitted to carry their national emblems and wear their national uniforms as members of "Buffalo Bill's Congress of Rough Riders of the World."

"The show had a phenomenal success in Chicago, did it not, Major?"

"Yes, We were there during the great World's Fair, and the Wild West hardly paled in human interest beside the wonders of that marvelous triumph of man's art and ingenuity. Many Port Wayne people no doubt, saw the show while visiting the Fair, but it is now far in advance of even the wonderful spectacle presented then.

The Visit to Fort Wayne.
"We are to be hero next Monday and I may safely say that the people of this city have never before-and perhaps, will not again soon-have the opportunity to see such a colossal and interesting ethnological exhibition brought up to such a point of perfection in accuracy of detail and truthful coloring. To see it is a wealth of information for the student, the sculptor, the painter and mankind in general. Our visits in the future will be necessarily rare, as the conditions that gave birth to this gigantic exhibition are fast disappearing. The buffalo, the Indian, the wild horse and the cowboy are now looked upon as interesting relics of a primitive civilization, whereas they once abounded throughout the west, and all played their part in the development of that great country. In like manner are the spear, the lance and the revolver of the cavalrymen giving way to the rapid-firing Hotchkiss guns; and even the trained horse may become extinct through the encroachments of the bicycle. "Col. Cody," said the major, "is the last pilot of the vast prairies, as men of his class are no longer necessary adjuncts to the army.

 An Idea of Its Magnitude.
Maj. Burke further informed the reporter that Mr. James A. Bailey, formerly of Barnum & Bailey, is now interested in the management of the Wild West, and that his valuable experience in the show line would tend to bring the exhibition still nearer the point of perfection, if that were possible.

The show comprises 500 horses and 600 men, traveling in their own train of fifty-four cars, and carries a covered grand stand sealing 16,000 people. The management have selected grounds right in the heart
of the city, the flats at the foot of Calhoun street. The tent at night will be illuminated with a 250,000 candle-power electric light plant, making it as light as day. Monday, at 10 a. m., a grand street cavalcade will take place, the most magnificent, perhaps, over witnessed in this city.

Page 8
Buffalo Bill Will Exhibit on Calhoun Flats.
The Great Show Arrived in the City Early this Morning
A change has been made in the location of the lot for the Buffalo Bill show. The camps will be pitched upon grounds at the foot of Calhoun Street, known as the flats. It was deemed advisable by the management to make the change from Lakeside, owing to the poor facilities as regards transportation to the latter point. The grounds at the foot of Calhoun Street are in the very heart  of the city and ease of access from all points
 
The three special trains bearing the exhibition arrived in the city at an early hour this morning. Over
600 head of horses and 500 people are engaged with this peregrinating army, and an exact duplicate of the performances that were given at the World's Fair are promised our people. The success attending their exhibition has been something remarkable during the fourteen years it has claimed public attention. Both sides of the Atlantic have been toured, and the name of Buffalo Bill may be said to be a household memory on two continents. Col. Cody personally directs the performance and will be seen in the saddle both afternoon and night. Seats will be provided for 20,000 people, all protected by huge canvas canopies from the sun or rain. An electric plant is carried and the grounds at night are illuminated as light as day, nothing being slighted or curtailed. The street parade takes place at 10 o'clock in the morning over the principal thoroughfares and headed by the redoubtable Buffalo Bill in person.
