Ft. Wayne Sentinel July 2 1907 pg 8
"BUFFALO BILL" IS COMING
Fresh from European Triumphs the Wild West is Once More Touring America
Alter touring Great Britain and continental Europe for the past four years, Buffalo Bill's Wild West and
Congress of Hough Riders of the World is home again. Arrangements have been perfected for the exhibition is to appear in this city Saturday, July 20, exactly as given in Madison Square Garden, New York city, when the show opened its tour this spring. The performance will be presented without curtailment or changes of any sort.

Buffalo Bill has been abroad so long that his home-coming affords what is practically a novelty in arenic entertainment. During his absence the little folks have grown into youths and young ladies and those of us who saw the exhibition years ago will take equal interest in seeing it all over again. There will be real novelty provided in many features of the program and for the home-coming tour of this foremost among arenic Institutions, two spectacular features have been prepared as special attractions.

During the four separate tours of Europe which Buffalo Bill has made, he has presented his historical entertainment in eighteen different countries, before crowned heads and plebeians, and in a vast majority of instances where an English-speaking person was a rarity. But in all his travels be has depicted the conquest and eventual civilization of the Indian and has presented scenes of historic events with unfailing fidelity and with success which has astonished the skeptical. He has done more than any other American to open the hook of our early history before the eyes of Europeans and they have looked with admiring eyes upon the wonders there unfolded.

While the exhibition will be practically new this season, the display will, of course, conform to the general style of entertainment which Col. Wm. F. Cody ("Buffalo Bill") has always presented; historical in its fundamental principal, original in its conception and maintenance, unique as an arenic entertainment, and in a class all by itself among out-of-door amusements. There will be a number of special features in the department of rough-riding and general equestrian displays, and there will be two special exhibits which have been exclusively designed and perfected for the present tour.

The topping features of the program will be the pantomimic melodrama, "The Great Train Hold-Up" and "The Bandit Hunters of the Union Pacific," together with "The Battle of Summit Springs." These separate and distinct features will depict two important eras in western development- the conquering and subjection of the barbaric redman and the fast disappearing hoard of bandits who followed the trail of the colonizer and preyed upon the railroad and express companies in their advance across the plains.

The Congress of Rough Riders of the World will constitute an important factor in the exhibition and will present a display of equestrian expertness and an exhibition of nerve, skill and manly daring which is sure to excite enthusiastic admiration. Horsemen of all nations will vie in feats
of fearlessness, and our own American-bred cowboys will be not the least factor in the stirring picture of primitive history.

