Ft. Wayne Journal Gazette Jan. 8 1902 pg. 7
BUFFALO BILL TO DEVELOP WEST.
WILL GIVE UP THE SHOW BUSINESSIN A FEW YEARS.
School for Rough Riders to be Started Soon-Young Men to be Taught How to Ride, Shoot, and Shift For Themselves.
OMAHA. Neb. Jan. 7-"In a little while there will lie no buffalo Bill's Wild West show." said Colonel W. F.
Cody yesterday. "I am going to give up the show business in a few seasons, to devote my entire time to the development or the west. I am growing tired of the continual moving around from day to day. I am now on my way to New York to prepare for my next season. Nearly all my trained horses were killed in a wreck on the Southern railroad in South Carolina the day before my last season closed, so I will have more than the usual amount or hard work putting my show on the road next year.

"About my rough riders' school? Well, that will be ready for pupils about May 1. And I want that school to turn out 500 men who can whip any other 500 men on God's green earth, should it ever become necessary. Another object in starting the school is to induce young men with money to come to the west. They will come to enter school, first. And I expect them to like the country so well that they will never go back east. I am going to teach them things which they could never learn in books. Ever man must take care of his own horse: he must hunt alone and butcher his game before bringing it in. He must be proficient with the rifle and pistol. He may never know how to drill as well as some military school would teach him. But when it comes to being able to care for himself under any and all circumstances, my pupils will be right there.

"I got my idea of a rough-rider school many years ago. In 1870 Genera Sheridan, who was then in command of the United States army, ordered me to direct a party of geologists through the Bad Lands of South Dakota. There was a large party of them. They seemed to know all there was to know about, the rocks and books, but if I had turned them loose to shift for themselves, every last one of them would have starved to death. They couldn't ride: they couldn't shoot; they were helpless. Right then. I determined to someday found a school wherein would lie taught those accomplishments of frontier life which other schools neglect.

"There are plenty of men who will back the west itself. But let them back the West Itself. But let them once got out here, and it's different. There is about to begin the, greatest immigration into the new west from the congested east that has ever been known."
