Ft. Wayne Weekly Sentinel June 24 1896 

An Exact Duplicate, Man for Man and Horae for Horse, of the Exhibition given at the Columbian World's Fair at Chicago in 1893, all summer in New York in 1891, and in 160 of the principle cities of the East in 1895.

Organized on the Most Lavish Scale. With more men, more horses, more cars than any two exhibitions.
And perfected in all the details that the combined managerial experience and wealth commanded by the trio of triumphant Careered Caterers to public instruction and entertainment.
Nate Salsbury, Jas. A. Bailey and COL. WM. F. CODY
Assuring to the Public the Production of America's National Entertainment
In a colossal manner, equaling if not surpassing
the magnificence of massive magnitude at
New York, London, Paris, Rome, Vienna, Berlin, Brussels
AND AT THE COLUMBIAN WORLD'S FAIR, CHICAGO,
Where the multitudinous millions meted equal honors of
THE WHITE and TENTED CITIES, NEW, ENLARGED AND AUGMENTED.
The Original Wild West Absorbs Primitive and civilized horsemanship.

Read the Array
That nations furnish and races are exhausted to complete
All kinds, all color all tongues, all men fraternally mingling
in the picturesque racial camp. All born
Hereditary Princes of the Saddle, 100 Indian Warriors.
Ogallalla, Brule, Uncapappa, Sioux, Cheyenne and Arapahoe Tribes,
50 American Cowboys
30 Mexican Vaqueros and Ruralies,
30 South American Gouchos,
50 Western Frontiersmen, Marksmen, etc.,
25 Bedouin Arabs,
20 Russian Cossacks of the Caucasus,
Detachment of the U.S. Cavalry, Royal Irish-English Lancers
French Chasseurs, German Cuirassiers,
All under the command of COL. W. F. CODY - BUFFALO BILL.
-The Last of the Buffalo-
ONLY HERD ON EXHIBITION.
This enormous outfit is transported in special railroad trains Using its own specially constructed rolling stock, the largest of Traveling Commissary, Dormitory and Equerry Accommodations, complete in every particular, and equaling the requirements of the modern methods of moving
A Fully equipped Army in Time of War,
Carrying all the paraphernalia necessary to A Covered Grand Stand. Seating 20,000 Persons, Assuring Perfect Protection from sun or rain. So organized and arranged as to camp close to the city in an easily accessible location. On Monday, June 29, there will be given A FREE STREET CAVALCADE
At 10 a.m. by detailed detachments from each division (Wild Horses, Buffalo, Cattle, being necessarily guarded in Camp.) "So that he who runs may read." The march will be enlivened by 3 magnificent bands of music, led by the famed world-traveled Buffalo Bill's Cowboy Band.

At night a Brilliant Electric Display by the Largest Portable Double electric plant of 250,000 candle power yet constructed for any similar purpose. Two circuits insuring a perfectly reliable illumination, making night as light as day.
Two Exhibitions Daily, Rain or Shine.
Afternoon at 2 o'clock! Night at 8 o'clock!
Doors open one hour earlier. Night as light as day and as complete in detail. 
General Admission, 50 cents. Children under 9 Years, 25 cents.

Numbered coupon, actually reserved, seats will be sold at Woodworth's Drug Store, corner Calhoun and Berry Streets. 
