Ft. Wayne Weekly Gazette June 25 1896 pg 6

Conquests of Peace and War.
Buffalo Bill is coming! How the announcement will thrill the pulses of those familiar with the achievements of this picturesque hero of the plains, and how intensely it will excite the interest of all who recall with renewed sentiments of wonder or delight the memories of those stirring days when the hardy and dauntless pioneers of civilization and progress pushed their way past appalling dangers and beyond terrific obstacles onward through the great forests, plains and prairies of the rugged empire of the west! Encircling the story of the adventurous career of Buffalo Bill is a halo of romance that would seem utterly fictitious but for the many marvelous facts which go to make up the surpassingly strange history of the pioneer days of our treat country. Buffalo Bill's career has been a long series of adventures and achievements, most novel and most notable, because only made possible under conditions peculiar to the progress and development of a new, vast and magnificent country like our own. Yes, Buffalo Bill, the hero of many a desperate Indian fight, the undaunted 'leader of many a dangerous scouting expedition is coming, bringing with him the great Wild West exhibition that has thrilled millions of spectators with its starring realisms and its amazingly faithful reproduction of stirring scenes from life on the plains, with all its dangers, vicissitudes, and constantly changing conditions. Since his achievements as a scout and frontiersman, Col. Cody, or, as he is better known, Buffalo Bill, has made still vaster conquests and gained still higher renown in the fields of peaceful conquest. He has entertained and enlightened civilized Europe by his faithful reproductions of the Wild Western life of this broad continent, and given immense audiences of foreigners across the Atlantic instruction as well as amusement of a higher and better character than ever they had known before. This mission he continued at the World's fair in 1893 and in 1894 in New York, and still his work is by no means ended for again he is in the saddle and rides this way with his cohorts of Indians, Cowboys Gauchos, Cossacks, Vaqueros, Cuirassiers, Lancers, Uhtans, and Dragoons; for in addition to the picturesque and comprehensive delineation of Wild West life, he exemplifies the manners and methods of the daring and dexterous trained horsemen of all the great nations of the world. With Col. Cody, besides his old partner, Nate Salisbury, is associated another most successful manager, Mr. James A. Bailey, now and for so many years identified with Barnum's show and its triumphs. That this remarkable trio have planned a prodigious entertainment hardly requires affirmation to secure immediate belief.
Few, indeed, will doubt that they have arranged for an entertainment of the very highest and most complete grade both for amusement and instruction. It is announced that it will be given here Monday, June 29, at Lakeside.

[Page Includes Graphic Advertisement with the following words]
Absolutely the Same Exhibitions Will Be Given Here as The Dedicatory Exhibitions at the Great Coliseum, Chicago, from June 1 to 14, With Col. Cody taking Part in Both Afternoon and Evening.
Buffalo Bill's Wild WEST.
And Congress Of Rough Riders In The World.
An exact duplicate, man for man and horse for horse, of the exhibitions
given at the Columbian World's Fair at Chicago in 1893; all summer in New York in 1894, and in 160 of the principle cities in the East in 1895.

THE CENTURY'S SENSATION
In Every Metropolis of the Civilized Earth, whose Success at the EXPOSITION UNIVERSELLE Paris, 1889, Columbian World's Fair, Chicago, 1893. Indelibly Stamped Forever Its Premier Position as an Entertainment
Returning Now with the Addition of an Immense Cohort of Riders FROM ALL Primitive Races
And grand Military Alliance of all Nations, never seen before and may not be again

Read the Roster.
100 Indian Warriors-
50 American Cowboys.
30 Mexican Vaqueros and Ruralies
3 South American Gauchos.
50 Veteran Frontiersmen, Marksmen, Etc.
25 Bedouin Arabs
20 Russian Cossacks of the Caucasus.
Detachments of U. S. CAVALRY
Royal Irish English Lancers
French Chasseurs
German Cuirassiers.
Petit Corps D'Armee.
All under the Command of COL W. F. CODY (Buffalo Bill)
The Last of the Buffalo - Only Herd on Exhibition.

IN A PROGRAMME TOO PRODIGIOUS. FOR RELATION.
100 Scenes! 500 Animated Tableaux! 100 Living Kinetescopic Pictures.

COVERED GRAND STAND, SEATING 20,000 PERSONS
Assuring Perfect Protection from SUN or RAIN., On the First Day of Arrival there will to given.

FREE STREET CAVALCADE
At 10 A. M. by Detailed Detachments from each Division. The Much will be enlivened by three
MAGNIFICENT BANDS OF MUSIC, led by the Famed, world-traveled
BUFFALO BILL'S COWBOY BAND

At Night, a Brilliant Electric Display, making NIGHT AS LIGHT AS DAY.
Two Exhibitions Daily, Rain or Shine
Afternoon at 2 o'clock. Night at S o'clock. Doors Open an Hour Earlier.
NIGHT AS JLIQHT AS DAY AND AS COMPLETE IN DETAIL.
General Admission 50c. Children under 9 Years 25c
