Ft. Wayne Weekly Sentinel Dec. 31 1902 pg 13

Nate Salsbury Dies at His Home in East

Famous Showman, Partner of Buffalo Bill, Yields to Short Illness,

New York, Dec. 25. - Nate Salsbury, the well-known showman, who owned the controlling interest in "Buffalo Bill's" Wild West show, died at his home at Long Branch last night. Mr. Salsbury had been in failing health, but was able to superintend his business until a week ago.

Mr. Salsbury was born in Illinois fifty-seven years ago. For many years he was identified with leading shows in this country and he traveled extensively. Up to a few years ago, when his health failed, he went about this country and Europe with the Wild West show, which is booked to open in London today. Colonel Cody (."Buffalo Bill'), his partner, is now there. Mr. Salsbury was connected with the Barnum & Bailey show and has amassed a large fortune. He spent nearly $200,000 two years ago when he converted from a barren waste the select cottage colony known as the Reservation, near North Long 
Branch. Mr. Salsbury was president of the Long Branch Property Holders' association. 

He has been before the public since the civil war, when he went on the stage, where his labors were rewarded with success. He was the father of that style of entertainment known as farce comedy in this country, a special form of theatrical amusement which has made more money for its promoters than all other forms combined. Mr. Salsbury also won considerable renown as an inventor of amusements. 

Among the enterprises of importance with whose management he was actively engaged either as officer or director were the following: Buffalo Bill's Wild West Company, Shoshone Irrigation Company, Cody and Salsbury canal, Milner Livestock Company, Milner and Boardman Realty Company, in all of which concerns he held the office of vice president. Mr. Salsbury was a member of the Grand Army of the Republic, Associate Members the Lambs and American Dramatists clubs.

He was married in New York March 16, 1887, to Rachel Samuels, of Newburg, N.Y., who survives him, as do his four children, Nathan jr., Milton S. Salsbury, Rachel and Rebecca Salsbury.

