Ft. Wayne Sentinel July 13 1907 pg 10
Ranch Life out West
Buffalo Bill's Wild West Will Include a Scene Depicting the Ranchmen's Pleasures
Among, the typical western scenes which will be shown with Buffalo Bill's Wild West will be "A Holiday at T. E. Ranch" in which the pleasures and amusements of the plainsmen and early settlers of the middle west will be correctly illustrated. Cowboys will disport themselves on horseback, doing the various "stunts" which their equestrian expertness has made them famous for; roping horses, picking up objects from the ground while their broncos are at full gallop, and performing numerous other tricks known and accomplished by the cowboy of the prairies. In the same scene will be introduced the only troupe of trained broncos and mustangs ever presented in public. Ray Thompson has achieved the hitherto impossible feat of educating the western horse, training him to perform the various "high-school" tricks of the thoroughbred circus horse and accomplishing feats which it has never been presumed these lineal descendants of the wild horse were capable of being instructed in. As a culminating feature of their performance one of the horses jumps over a table at which is seated a party of diners. While these scenes of revelry are being enacted. Indians are noticed to be stealthily approaching and soon they make a murderous attack upon the ranch house and the pleasure party and the scene of revelry is quickly changed to one of relentless combat. By this method Buffalo Bill illustrates the dangers and perils which beset the pioneer in his mission of redeeming the prairies to the use of civilization. Other scenes typical of early days in the west which will form a part of Buffalo Bill's exhibition will be "The Battle of Summit Springs," and "The Great Train Hold-Up." The rough riding contingent will show thrilling feats of equestrianism and will illustrate the riding methods of the world's equestrian nations. All told, Buffalo Bill will present a remarkable entertainment; one which has no equal and one which is alone in its class as an out-of-door amusement enterprise.

Buffalo Bill's herd of buffaloes which he exhibits with his wild west constitutes one of the very few herds of bison still in existence. There less than three hundred buffaloes all told remaining on the continent,
the remnant of millions which once roamed the prairies. They constitute one of the most interesting exhibits with Buffalo Bill's Wild West and are used in the exhibition to illustrate the methods of the hunter in the olden days when Buffalo Bill was a youth and when the Indians were monarchs of the middle west.

"The Battle of Summit Springs" and "The Great Train Hold-Up" will be the chief spectacular incidents of Buffalo Bill's Wild West. They will illustrate two distinct eras in western development and will be reproduced with that same fidelity to truth which marks every factor in Col. Cody's truly representative American exhibition. Lesser scenes will be "The Attack on the Emigrant Train," showing the dangers of pioneering, and "A Holiday at T-E Ranch," will show the life of the plainsman. "The Congress of Rough Riders" will be an especially interesting section of the exhibit and at every performance Col. Wm. F. Cody, the original and only Buffalo Bill, will ride at the head of his company, direct the exhibition and appear in the principle scenes.

Many styles of horsemanship will be shown by the rough riders with Buffalo Bill's Wild West when it visits this city. These horsemen have been drawn from all the equestrian nations of the world. Russian Cossacks will ride with the Mexican vaquero, the American cowboy will be shown in contrast with the Bedouin Arab, the military grace of the Royal English dragoons, Irish lancers and German cuirassiers will be easily compared with the native recklessness of the American Indian. To see all the horsemen in their native land who will be in the saddle with Buffalo Bill's Wild West, one would be compelled to travel the world over.
