Ft. Wayne Sentinel July 11 1901 pg 5

WILD WEST SHOW TOMORROW
BUFFALO BILL'S GREAT AGGREGATION DUE.
Some of the Features Are New and
More Startling Than Anything He Has Ever Presented.

Buffalo Bill's Wild West and Congress of the world's rough riders will exhibit in Fort Wayne tomorrow in the east end of the city accessible to all street car lines and the Nickel Plate railroad.

There is always something new, something exciting about Buffalo Bill's Wild West that is peculiar to itself and that no other form of exhibition can duplicate. The Wild West presents the actual horsemen from fifteen different races in one arena, each trying in friendly rivalry to excel the other and displaying both the most primitive and the highest forms of equestrianism in the dashing style peculiar to and characteristic of his own country. It teaches a lesson in horsemanship, by comparison, that can be learned nowhere else than at the Wild West. All the great features that have popularized this entertainment are given now as heretofore and by special arrangement the famous battle of Tien-Tsin will be given again, even more elaborately than was San Juan hill, at which time it was unanimously voted the greatest representation of a battle ever presented to a people of this or any other community.

South African Soldiers
English generals have accorded high praise to the Canadian cavalrymen, who were among the most efficient soldiers of the British forces in the South African war, frankly affirming them in certain very important respects much superior to the regular English mounted soldiery. And it is perhaps mildly gratifying to note that the admitted superiority was entirely in qualities most closely resembling those of our gallant American rough riders and United States cavalry. With capacity for perfectly concerted action, upon occasions they combined such a. development of individuality as is possible under no European system of cavalry training. That was especially noticed in the Northwest mounted police (Strathcona horse), who formed part of the Canadian contingent. They rode as our cowboys ride, and no men have ridden better since there were Centaurs. Every man of them was an admirable scout, whose keen observation, unerring judgment, endurance, and courage, were worthy of northwestern America, and each was capable-of putting up such a pretty fight on his account against any odds, that even envy had to admire him.

This all came about naturally enough; that was the sort of service in which they had been specially trained, and in which they had been engaged for years. In discharge of their regular duty in the far north west, these men are required to patrol singly through the wildest sections if the country, keeping in order the worst elements of society, both red and white; protecting settlers, arresting lawbreakers and killing  desperadoes when necessary. Each man must hold himself ready at all momenta to encounter any odds of the most desperate character, to brave all hardships, and under any contingency to depend upon himself alone. Theirs is perhaps the most arduous and perilous service required of enlisted men in any country. A platoon of these men, who were in the South African war, appear in Buffalo Bill's Wild West arena this season, uniformed, armed and equipped as in active service. With them are a platoon of their military rivals, the Canadian mounted riflemen, gallant men and good soldiers, who won General Roberts' special praise. And, amicably riding with them on the arena's neutral ground, are a detachment of genuine Boer soldiers burghers incapacitated from further active service, for a time at least, who have been brought direct from South Africa to show the American people how real fighting Boers look. Some of them were with General Cronje and escaped when he was captured, while others were, comparatively recently, under General De Wet's command.

Coast Guard Life Savers
One of the wisest and most efficient protections provided by our government for those ill danger is undoubtedly the coast guard life service, and many there be who have good reason to be thankful to the sturdy members of this corps for their rescue from watery graves. Supplied with every appliance to aid in their work, these men go bravely to their task of saving human life, bringing the shipwrecked to safety on the shore. One of their most effective aids is called the "breeches -buoy," and their manipulation of it is intensely interesting. Messrs. Cody and Salisbury, managers of Buffalo Bill's Wild West, have engaged a number of veterans of this service, who will illustrate at every exhibition given by the Wild West the, manner in which the work of rescue by this means is accomplished. This is a unique and decidedly novel addition to the many attractions always to be seen at the entertainments of this great combination.

The American Cowboy
The easy unstudied grace, added to the seemingly dangerous recklessness of the American cowboy in the saddle, has always evoked outspoken admiration and wonder. Added to this there appears to be such a perfect accord between the rider and his horse, when the latter has been thoroughly mastered, that would indicate a subtle understanding between the two, at all times directing them alike to the accompli aliment of the same purpose. As a consequence, the feats of horsemanship performed by the cowboys in Buffalo Bill's Wild West always arouse great enthusiasm and win thunders of well-deserved, applause. The object lessons they give of the struggle between horse and man for mastery; the triumph of man's intellectuality over brute force and the subsequent bond of apparent friendship between the two, can only be seen and understood by a visit to the Wild West.

These picturesque cowboys will form an important part in the gravid street parade to be made upon the arrival of the great aggregation in this city, which will be led in person by Col. W. F. Cody (Buffalo Bill.)

