Goshen Daily Democrat July 27, 1910 pg. 1

***Appears to be the same article that runs on the 29th edition of the paper***

RECEPTION

BUFFALO BILL’S FAREWELL: Returns to Goshen After an Absence Covering a Period of 14 Years.

After an absence on nearly 14 years, his only previous engagement having been filled here Thursday, Aug. 14, 1896, Col. William F. Cody, familiar in every state in the inion as well as practically every civilized country in the world, as Buffalo Bill, is in Goshen today and this engagement, it is announced, is the farewell tour of the old scout in the saddle and is therefore the last opportunity his multitude of admirers here will have of looking upon his graceful figure astride his horse, in which position he is absolutely without equal; and of witnessing his remarkable marksmanship, which he has so completely mastered that today he is unrivaled. 

A most remarkable man has been Col. Cody, who is now more than 65, and after performing service of -the greatest value to the government in the days when he was a scout he invaded the amusement field and since the eighties – over twenty years – has pervaded for the public entertainment at once unique and instructive. 

Show Comes Via the Big Four.

The two trains, in all 50 cars, hauling the show, came to Goshen from Benton Harbor, Mich., via the Big Four and after tonight’s performance leave for South Bend via the Lake Shore. The first section arrived at 5 o’clock and the second an hour later. Many people saw the unloading at Ninth and Purl streets and the erection of the arena on the Wurster circus lot only two blocks away, the shortest haul found this summer. Like all big tented exhibitions, the Buffalo Bill-Pawnee Bill show is handled with perfect system. The management of moving the large amount of property is faultless.

Two very pronounced changes were noted when comparing the show with its appearance here in 1896. Since that time it has been enlarged by taking over Pawnee Bill Far East, the two enterprises having united last season.

Major Gordon F. Lillie, Pawnee Bill, who is now an equal owner with Col. Cody, devotes his efforts exclusively to the business end of the show and has every important detail at his fingers’ tips. The second change quickly observed, is the doing away with the street parade, which determination was reached for several reasons, chief of which was to condition the stock for the performance.

Big Crowd in Town

The city was crowded today by the entire local population and thousands of visitors, who came from the rural regions and the nearby towns. Restaurants, livery stables and transportation lines, as well as other branches of business, felt the presence of the throng.

The attendance at the afternoon exhibition was large and the indications point to a filled arena tonight.
