Goshen Mid Week News Times July 29, 1910 pg. 3

RECEPTION

BUFFALO BILLÕS BIG SHOW HERE

POPULATION OF GOSHEN DOUBLED AT EARLY HOUR TODAY

Big Attraction With Col. William F. Cody Arrived from Benton Harbor

Buffalo Bill’s Wild West Show is in Goshen and the city is thronged with people eager to see the show. The show faithfully depicts the characters of pioneer life in our great west, characters who formed the vanguard of the march of civilization. These characters which figure in every tale of the settlement of the land of the setting sun, will be seen this afternoon and evening in the big arena of the Wild West show. Col. Cody, “Buffalo Bill,” himself drove his wife to the show grounds at 9: 15. The colonel has declared that this is the last year he will appear in public, and every child should be given an opportunity to see the last survivor of that great group of men, who maintained the supremacy of the white race in the west in pioneer days by their courage, endurance, hardihood and cool judgement.

The show arrived in two trains over the Michigan division of the Big Four. The first section arrived at five o’clock and the second at 6:25. This made the workman rather late. 

As soon as the first section arrived, however, the cook shack was hurriedly pitched and mess tent followed. Fires were kindled and breakfast started. It is no little task to feed eight hundred men. A large wagon containing the range, was opened and the meats put on. In the rear of the shack seven large kettles over blazing fires of wood and vats contained the breakfast food, coffee, soups and hot water with which the dishes are washed. The contract for feeding the men is held by a professional caterer, who is pad so much a head. The men are given tickets by their foreman, and the price for each meal is deducted from their wages. Each man has his place at one particular table. The table linen is sent to laundries and then forwarded on to some point in advance of the show. The showman are well fed. A griddle over a coke fire to broil steaks, and a pair of large steam pans, to cook light foods are two novelties in the equipment of the cook shack. 

Following the reaction of the cook and mess tents, the stables are hurriedly raised. Large gangs of “razor-backs,” as the state drivers and canvas men are called, hurriedly raised the big canvas shelters. The food and feed for the stock, has been purchased by advance agents, and are checked in by an experienced buyer. 

The stake drivers are in a majority of cases colored workers. The Wild West forces have recently been augmented by drivers from the Ringling shows, one hundred and fifty having struck for Ringling Brothers at Grand Rapids three days ago. 
The canvas men turned to the big arena, while the stock is being driven from the second section of the circus train to the stables. 

The arena is a big open square with seats on three sides. There is an outside wall and canvas over the seats. The arena is a big breezy, well lighted stretch of ground. At night, gasoline lamps and two carbide lights, light the arena. The show has dispensed with the electric lighting plant it once carried. The arena will seat 14,000 and only sixty feet was taken off of two sides for Goshen. A big crowd is expected. 

There are two large stables, one for the draft stock and the other for the ring stock. A boss hustler, a quiet, courteous teamster, presides over the draft horses, while “cy” Compton, the king of cow punchers, has charge of the ring stock. 

A herd of American bison or buffalo accompany the show and includes a small calf. The obstinacy of these animals is remarkable. They hailed the loam of Elkhart prairie with snorts of delight and were soon rolling about on the ground. A gang of cow punchers kept the animals punched and amused themselves by roping small boys who ventured too near. One cowboy roped a hat off the head of a boy, twenty feet distant. As the bison are almost extinct, the attracted great attention.

A small curly black dog belonging to the Indians, was attacked by a number of other dogs with the show, and the Indians grabbed stakes and rushed to the rescue of their canine. The cow punchers called for fair play, and a fistic encounter between the Indians and cowboys was narrowly averted. One Indian invited a cow puncher to fight and promised to “black his nose.” This was greeted with shouts of laughter by the punchers.

A Cossack and a Mexican Greaser got into an argument over precedence in watering the horses, and greeted each other with guttural remarks and gleaming teeth. A trooper and a cow puncher got into a similar argument. The puncher shook his fist and the trooper curser fluently. However, everything proceeded with order and dispatch. The men worked steadily, and the foreman with sharp cut orders drove them on. Everything showed precision and discipline.

The Indians, about fifty in number pitched their teepees to the east of the encampment. They presented a picturesque sight. Zooaves and program boys, not in uniform, mixed in the crowds and made advances to all the girls they met, treating with a laugh rebuff and encouragement alike.

The Far East is responsible for the small groups that gathered under one of the dressing tents. They were a strong array. With the came the elephants and camels.

A numbers of little gray burros driven by the Mexican Greasers the bells on the necks of the little animals tinkling merrily. There 152 draft horses and about 300 saddle horses and 50 head of ring stock. 

By nine o’clock the circus grounds presented a scene of color and life. The concession men with their refreshment stands were busily crying their stock in trade, and the venders of whips, canes, rubber balloons and other souvenir novelties, were about the lot.

The citizens of Goshen were up early to greet the show. Large crowds assembled at the Purl street crossing and watched the unloading. Some of the young people organized pillow parties, and some fo the boys stayed up all night, to be sure to be on hand in the morning. By nine o’clok the population had doubled. Many small boys went to work for the show, raising canvas and setting up seats. Among them were two Amish boys.
Man of History

Goshen today greets and bids farewell to a remarkable man. William F. Cody, “Buffalo Bill,” takes with him in his passing from the public eye the last visual embodiment of the wonderful pioneer days. 

In these piping times of peace we cannot more than vaguely imagine what in this man’s mind is a vivid reality, as vivid to him as the old farm house or the town streets of youth are to most of us others. We may fancy, but he recalls, the wild yells of Indians n their war paint, the vast sweep of the unsettled western plain, the unnumbered herds of buffalo, the thousand mile procession of settlers’ wagons in sluggish parade, the march of the railroad across the wilderness that with its approach sprang up into tiny settlements and villages and towns and great cities. His own father died under the scalping knife. He himself has fought and killed his Indian foes. He earned his title of Buffalo Bill by his slaughter of bison, but he slew them to provision the advancing host of civilization, the men who laid the iron rails and brought the west to the white man.

Cody is the last of a wonderful generation, and he was worthy of his time. This man, who portrays in mimic pageantry the things of the past for the men of the present, “carried dispatches 100 miles for General Sheridan through terrific fire of hostile bands of Indians and returned with replies safely,” and the words are quoted from the report of Sheridan’s own adjutant. He was the last of America’s six great scouts, Boone, Crockett, Carson, Bridger, Wild Bill and Buffalo Bill, and he was not the least among them. He killed 4, 862 buffalo in one season, killed them for meat that the Kansas Pacific road might be built. He fought single-handed and slew Yellow Hand, the Cheyenne chief. His exploits are more marvelous than any imaginations of the wildest dime novel. 

When he goes away from us, he will sever the last link between the rough life of the early far west and this time of civilization’s wonders. He lived in a world his successors know little of, but if they live in their world as well as he did in his they will acquit themselves like men indeed.
