Goshen Democrat July 7, 1886 pg. 1
Just Like Real Fighting
Indians Fall From Horses and Look Like Dead Men. 
[New York Mail and Exchange]
"Buffalo Bill" has come again, with a more numerous and gorgeous retinue than he has ever before had for the presentations of the "Wild West" show to New Yorkers. He is at Erastina, Mr. Erastus Wiman's new pleasure resort on the north shore of Staten Island. Twenty-two acres of lawn and eleven acres of forest are here comprised in the tract. Facing the lawn on the west is a covered grand stand with seating capacity for 8,000 persons. Along the north side, in amphitheatrical form under a canopy of overhanging leafy boughs, are seats for 12,000 more. All around the enormous stage that the field constitutes are many electric arc lights, to be used in the evening productions of the "Wild West." In the forest, back of the seats, are refreshment stands, and, nearer the entrance, the tepees of the Indians. In the open ground east of the lawn are the tents of the cowboys, vaqueros, and other attaches of the show. 
An "invitation exhibition" was given yesterday in presence of some fifteen thousand spectators. The tickets of invitation were issued to "bearer and family," and brought it. The show will be opened to the public on Monday afternoon next. The show opened yesterday with a sort of general introduction of its members to the public. Frank Richmond, officiating in the place formerly filled by "Pop" Whittaker as master of the ceremonies, told who the more important fragments of the general magnificence were. The Wichitas, led by their chief, Little Brave; a group of Mexican vaqueros, led by Antonio, their crack rider; White Chief and his Pawnees; Eagle Chief, Young Hawk, and more Pawnees; Sergeant Bates carrying his flag, of course; Gabriel Dumont, who was Riel's right hand man in the rebellion of the Northwest; Miss Belle Farrand, a Colorado equestrienne; George Duffy, a Wyoming girl, who also can ride; Buck Taylor, king of the cowboys, and his gang; then a lot of Ogalalla, Bad Face and Cutoff Sioux Indians, with American Horse, chief of the Sioux nation; the Hon. W. F. Cody, better known as Buffalo Bill- all these and more were in the parade. When drawn up in line on horseback before the grand stand there were 178 riders brilliant in color, outre in decoration, bold and dashing in appearance. Cody waived his hand, shouted "Go!" and the formal line was broken in an instant, the Indians galloping off with whoops and barbaric yells, the cowboys hurrahing, and the proceedings were thus formally opened. 
The attack on the Deadmood stage was at once one of the most realistic and most sensational features of the entertainment. Driven by Capt. Fred Matthews, an old-time driver, friend and contemporary of Hank Monk, who has had many an encounter with "road agents" and Indians, with Jim Kidd as "out-rider" (his old employment), and John Nelson, chief interpreter of the Sioux, perched over the rumble as guard. The battered old coach drawn by six fine mules rattles out on the road in a very matter-of-fact way. At the further end of the field a body of mounted Indians dashed out from behind a painted chaparral, and instantly the coach became the swiftly moving center of a tornado of fire, smoke, detonations, Indians and ponies. Around and around on their agile ponies swept the Indians, firing at the men on the coach, while the latter kept up incessant return fusillade. Suddenly a band of twenty gallant cowboys rushed out from another ambush, and engaged the fifty Indians in deadly combat. Men fell like corpses; even some of the well-trained horse dropped to the ground and lay as if dead. All the participants in the strife seemed in savage earnest, and the nerves of the spectators thrilled in sympathy. When at length the red skins were overpowered and their survivors took to flight, a roar of applause from the thousands on the benches told how the fury of the mimic fight had awakened the most blase of the lookers on. 
The master of the ceremonies has a paralyzing way of telling what the names of people and things are in the Sioux or the Pawnee language. In consequence of one of his linguistic bursts over the name of the cowboy who did some surprising jumping, nobody remembered what it was in English. But the boy's jumping was good, in any language. 
A wandering tribe of Indians strolled into the enclosure, moving as they would in their own country. The chief, mounted, led the way. The warriors, with feather-decked spears, that in their simple barbaric way they play off for banners, struggled after. A horse dragged the poles of the tepee. Squaws lounged along, some of them leading and other carrying papooses. They halted. Some of the warriors went out as sentries. Others lay down to look at the women raising the tepee and starting a fire to cook supper. All was peace, quiet, and lazy content. Suddenly a sentry's shot gave the alarm that a hostile tribe was coming to attack them. Before the sentry could get back to camp he was shot down and scalped. Like an avalanche the foes dashed in upon the camp, butchered its defenders and scalped them, though they fought gallantly. All was frenzy and desperate combat for a few minutes. The shots ceased, except here and there were the coup de grace was given to some dying wretch. Then the victors had a war dance. Leaping, grunting, shouting, whooping, waving their weapons with savage gesticulations, the red demons, numbers of them naked to the waist, all gaudy with the brightest hued articles of clothing, seemed like a sort of crazy human kaleidoscope, with the devil twirling it. When they ended the performance with a chorused yell the spectators applauded loud and long. Buffalo Bill gave one of his surprising exhibitions of skillful shooting with both rifle and revolver, afoot and riding at full speed; Vaqueros lassoed wild Texan steers, and Texan cowboys mounted and rode them, developing in the steers a talent for bucking and general diabolism that no mustang need have been ashamed of; a buffalo hunt after a herd of fifteen buffaloes was gone through with in brief, just to show how it was done on the plains, a deer trotted out to be hunted, but there was no time to bother with him. 
The show wound up with the presentation of a scene from frontier life. A settler and his wife are seen busying themselves about their little log cabin. A cowboy comes to ask shelter for the night. He is welcomed and his horse is staked out. Soon a couple of Indians are crawling toward the horse, which they capture. The settler sees one of them mount to ride away and fires at him, unconscious that others have crawled up behind the house, and that others on horseback are awaiting a signal to join the attack. Eighty-five Indians in three bands swoop down upon the devoted occupants of the cabin. The noise of shooting is that of a whole Fourth of July, particularly when thirty or forty white men come to the rescue, as they manifestly should do, enforcing with revolvers and repeating rifles the truism that "the red men must go." Of course there are many corpses, and they are made such in so natural a way that it really seems as if they must be at least a little hurt by the process; the white men are victorious, and the show is over. And how the spectators do cheer. 

