Hagerstown Exponent December 8, 1886 pg. 1
Lurid Tales of Death 
Buffalo Bill Talks About the Indians He Has Killed 
New York Mail and Express. 
Hon. W. F. Cody, better known as Buffalo Bill, the Indian fighter and scout, departed for his ranch in the West the other day. He was attired in his picturesque costume, his long black hair falling gracefully over his shoulders, when a reporter for the Mail and Express corraled him in the corridor of the Hoffman House. The man who killed in a duel Chief Yellow Hand, and scalped him under fire from the Indian braves, led the way to a quiet reading room and sat down. 
He took off his sombrero and placed it on the table, revealing clearly the handsome face and piercing eyes that have been seen by so many thousands the past summer at Saten Island. He said that he wanted to go west and breathe fresh air upon the plains before he began work at Madison Square Garden this winter. He expressed himself highly satisfied with his season, and intimated that his show at the Garden would be odd and thoroughly typical of Western life. The conversation drifted to his experience in the past and how he obtained the sobriquet of Buffalo Bill. His story was interesting. 
"I earned the title of Buffalo Bill by killing buffaloes on the plains. The Kansas Pacific Railroad was being built through the heart of the buffalo country in 1867. Some 1,500 hands were employed at that end of the route. The Indians were constantly on the war-path, and fresh meat was difficult to obtain. Hunters were engaged to kill buffaloes for the firm who had the contract for boarding the employes of the road. I had some little reputation as a good shot, and especially at live cattle, so I was engaged at a salary of $500 per month to kill buffalo. Twelve of these animals were required each day. Nothing but the hams and humps were eaten. I knew the work would be very dangerous, because the Indians were riding all over the country, indulging in their favorite sport of killing a white man when they caught one alone on the prairie. But I agreed to furnish the meat, Indians or no Indians. I knew I would often be five or ten miles from the road, and was liable to be attacked by the red-skins. My success as a meat-provider was so great the road-hands began to call me Buffalo Bill, and the name has remained with me. Many stiring adventures occurred to me during the seventeen months I hunted buffaloes for the Kansas Pacific Road. I killed 4,280 buffaloes, besides some Indians. My favorite hunting horse was Brigham, who was trained to dash into a herd of wild buffaloes and chase them until I had slain almost as many as I desired for the day. In the spring of 1868 I was riding Brigham in a gallop trying to reach Smoky Hill River. I never shall forget that day. After twenty miles of fast riding I reached the top of a hill and gazed down upon the smiling valley and the beautiful river in the distance. My attention was attracted toward some moveing objects in the distance. They were half a mile distant, and as soon as they began to mount their horses I saw they were Indians and intended to capture me if possible. 
"My horse was somewhat fatigued from the rapid pace I had been traveling and I doubted whether he would be able to keep ahead of the fresh horses of my pursuers. I resolved to run and fight. The horse seemed to know my life depended upon his speed. He sprung away at a brisk rate. The Indians followed. After crossing a ravine I halted a few seconds and 'sized up," as it were, the crowd after me. They were Indian braves well mounted and armed with rifles. If Brigham had been fresh I would have had no fears whatever about escaping, but how it would result after my long morning ride I had no idea. After five miles of fast riding, I discovered that nine or ten Indians were only two hundred yards behind, strung out for a distance of two miles. My horse made a spurt and for two or three miles did the finest running of that kind on the record. The Indians had good horses, and one who rode a spotted horse gained on me far ahead of the rest. He had a rifle and sent several bullets around me that gave warning that my time had come to make a stand or get shot in the back. I think Brigham knew the time had arrived to face about and fight. Suddenly I wheeled my horse, and quickly raising my rifle to my shoulder I sent a bullet into the head of the spotted animal. At the crack of my rifle, horse and Indian fell in a heap. I suppose they were some eighty yards distant. I did not wait, but dashed away with the speed of the wind. My short stop to shoot gave the other Indians time to gain on me, and soon they began popping away at me. I turned in my saddle and fired back occasionally, and succeeding in breaking a horse's leg. This left only seven or eight Indians to continue the chase. Brigham got his second wind, and I rode rapidly ahead of them until I reached two companies of soldiers, three miles from the railroad track. They were stationed there to protect the workmen. They heard the firing, and came forward to give my pursuers a warm reception. The Indians had the tables turned and beat a hasty retreat. I jumped off my faithful horse and told the soldiers of his wonderful feat. He was quite a hero from that date. The Calvary gave chase to the Indians, and I soon joined them with a fresh horse. In a distance of eight miles we overtook and killed eight of them. The rest escaped. When we got back to camp Brigham was quietly grazing, and looked at me as to ask if we had made any happy dead Indians. I really think that horse read in my eyes the answer. 
A Big Fight For Life
"During these same buffalo hunts I got into a tighter place than being chased on a tired horse. The road had been pushed near to saline River. I had a man, 'Scotty,' to go along in a light wagon to cut up the buffalo meat and haul it to camp. Scotty was a courageous little fellow, and a good shot. One day I had killed fifteen buffaloes, and we had started for home with a wagon-load of fine meat. We were eight miles from camp when we suddenly came upon a party of thirty Indians, who rode out of the head of a ravine. It happened this day that I was on an excellent horse that belonged to the railroad company, and could easily have made my escape. But I had no idea of deserting Scotty, who was driving a pair of miles to the wagon. Of course Scotty and I often planned how we would defend ourselves if suddenly attacked by Indians. In a few minutes we unhitched the mules and tied them and my horse to the rear of the wagon. We then threw the large buffalo hams on the ground and built a breastwork around the wheels. We had an extra box of ammunition and four extra revolvers, the emergency battery we were forced always to carry along. Behind our hastily-built breastworks we were prepared to give a warm reception. We didn't have long to wait. They rushed at us with all the noise and yelling enthusiasm of which the red man is capable. We opened such a lively fire that they stopped a direct attack and began to circulate around us. Then, of a sudden, they made a concentrated attack. It was no more successful than the first, but they killed both of the mules and the horse. They charged back and forth several times, and Scotty and I killed three within a few yards of our breastworks. It was a scorching hot place for a time. The braves dead and others wounded dispirited the Indians as to direct attacks, and they adopted other tactics. They got off at some distance behind little knols and tried long-range warfare. We were besieged, and out only chance for escape was a rescue form the railroad camp, where troops were stationed. We had been expecting, sooner or later, to be caught up by Indians in such a manner while buffalo hunting. I had an understanding with the officer who commanded the troops that whenever their pickets saw a smoke in the direction of our hunting ground they were to know we were attacked by Indians. Scotty and I kept very close to our breastwork, subject to a raking fire from Indians around us. We held a council of war and concluded we could not fight our way out, but must get relief. Scotty kept up a diversion by concentrating his fire in a certain locality. In a few minutes I struck a match, and quicker than I can tell you reached over and set the grass on fire to the leeward of our fort. The red warriors began a war-dance at what they considered a piece of folly. None of them suspected that I had given a signal for aid. While the thick volume of smoke rolled upward and the flames spread rapidly over the prairie, the Indians made another dash, but were repulsed. It began to look as if we were cut off, and would have to fight these for hours. Scotty was plucky, and we resolved to end our existence in making a gallant fight, rescue or no rescue. In an hour or so after the prairie was fired I heard the neighing of steeds, and soon saw a company of soldiers riding rapidly toward us. The Indians saw them, too, and began a hasty retreat down the canons of the creek. We shouted to the advancing troops that we were alive, but out mules and horses were dead. Five dead Indians were discovered on the battle field around our little breastwork. Scotty and I didn't do such bad work, after all. How many were wounded and carried off we had no means of ascertaining. Not long after this episode I met the noted scout and hunter, Kit Carson. He was old then, but still it was interesting to hear him relate some of his wild adventures in the early days of the frontier. A short while after I first met him he paid me a visit at Hays City. 
Duel With Yellow Hand 
"What were the circumstances of your duel with Yellow Hand?" 
"The Sioux war broke out in 1876. General Custer was slain on the 25th of June, when I was acting as scout for the Fifth Calvary, under General Merrit. We were on our way to Fort Laramie when the news reached us that Custer and his gallant troops had been massacred on the Little Big Horn. We started back to join General Crook in the Big Horn country, when we received word that eight hundred Cheyenne warriors had that day left the Red Cloud Agency to join Sitting Bull's forces. General Merritt resolved to intercept the Cheyennes. He selected five hundred men and horses and pushed rapidly toward Bonnet Creek. On July 17, 1876, I discovered the Cheyennes. They did not see our troops. General Merritt, several aids and I went ahead and saw the Indians advancing directly toward us. Suddenly twenty or thirty of them dashed off in a western direction. With our field glasses we discovered two mounted soldiers, perhaps bringing dispatches to us, riding rapidly forward on our trail. The Indians were endeavoring to intercept them. The General did not deem it wise to send soldiers to the aid of the couriers, because it would discover to the Indians that troops were in the vicinity waiting to attack them. I was commissioned to go back to the command, pick out fifteen scouts and rescue the couriers. Just as the Indians began to charge the two soldiers I dashed with my scouts to intercept them. A sharp running fight took place and we killed three of their number. The main body of Indians appeared in sight, and the skirmishers-the Indians we were chasing-took courage and charged us. A lively little fight occurred, and we checked their advance. We were perhaps half a mile from General Merritt, who kept an eye on our movements. A big chief, gorgeously attired with top plumes and royal paraphernalia, rode out in front on a magnificent horse, and, in his own language, challenged me to a mortal combat. He said:
" 'I know you, Pa-he-haska; if you want to fight, come ahead and fight me.' 
"I accepted and galloped forward to meet him. I advanced fifty yards and he about the same distance. We were at full speed when we came within fifty yards of each other. I raised my rifle and shot his horse dead in its tracks. At the same instant my horse stepped into a hole and fell. I was not injured by my horse's fall, and sprang upon my feet. The Indian arose as quickly as I did and faced me not twenty steps distant. We both raised our rifles and fired at the same time. He missed me and my bullet pierced his breast. In a second I was on him and drove my knife to the hilt in his heart. Then I pulled off his war bonnet and scalped him in the most approved Indian style. The Indians, seeing their chief slain, charged upon me. Colonel Mason, with Company K, came to my assistance and drove the enemy back. As the soldiers galloped up I held up the scalp and the war-bonnet and shouted: 'The first scalp for Custer!' The Chief killed was Yellow Hand, son of old Cut-Nose. The latter offered me four mules to deliver up his son's scalp, war-bonnet and arms. I haven't complied with Cut-Nose's desire yet, and still keep the dead chieftain's war outfit." 
