Hammond Lake County Times July 23, 1915 pg. 12

PROMOTION

***Large photo of Buffalo Bill with Indian children***

BUFFALO BILL, A HISTORIC AMERICAN FIGURE, WHO COMES HERE WITH SELLS-FLOTO CIRCUS

Buffalo Bill is coming to town soon, as the chief feature of the Sells-Floto circus and Buffalo Bill’s Original Wild West, which is to be here Monday, July 26. And with Buffalo Bill will come also many a good story of the older days in the west.

And if anyone should know those days, Col. William Frederick Cody (Buffalo Bill) should know them. He lived them long enough. Scout, plainsman, pony express rider, brigadier general – her served in every possible office there was in the younger days, even to the position of justice of the peace and the third man in more than one marriage. 

“Marriages?” he asked recently, in a story-telling vein. “Of course. Why not. I’ve shot Injuns and guided troops and blazed trails. Don’t see why I shouldn’t perform marriage ceremonies. But I’ll not forget the first one. I was justice of the peace then with hardly anything to do but to look out for hoss stealers and bootleggers in the reservation. One day a man and woman came to me and said they wanted to get married. It flabbergasted me, but I had to go through with it. Looked all around the place and couldn’t find any Bible. Found an old third reader though, and so I picked it up and opened it to where it said something about the birds twittering in the springtime or something like that. Didn’t make much difference though. I wasn’t going to read it anyway.

“Jim,” I said, “do you take this woman for your wedded wife?”

“Betcher neck’” he said.

“Maggie,” I asked, “do you want Jim to carry in the cordwood and hustle vittles for you as long as you live?”

“Yessir, Jedge Cody,” said Maggie.

“Then kiss her, Jim. She’s your wife. Whom God and Buffalo Bill hath joined together let no man put asunder. Two dollars and invite the jedge to the wedding supper.”

“And I guess it worked a lot better than a lot of these new fangled weddings,” the Colonel laughed. “They were still happy the last time I Saw them – and it had been thirty years since the wedding.”
