Hartford City Telegram Aug. 19 1903
Anna Oakley, the Rifle Shooter, Now in the Chicago Work House.
Anna Oakley, the woman who pleased thousands of spectators at the Buffalo Bill's Wild West show in this country and in Europe, is now an inmate of the work house at Chicago where she is serving out a fine of $5 for stealing a pair of trousers from a negro to get money to buy cocaine. Annie Oakley was reared from a child by Crawford Eddington and wife, who now live in Montpelier, and they also reared to manhood their nephew Hugh Dougherty of this city. Mr. Dougherty and Miss Oakley did not live at the Eddington home at the same time but Miss Oakley was in their care at Greenville, Ohio, after
Mr. Dougherty had come here. She married a brother of William F. Cody, Buffalo Bill, and traveled with the show for several years as the champion woman shot of the world, a title which none could dispute.
When the show visited Bluffton she was a visitor at the Dougherty home, where her foster parents visited her.

She left the show three years ago and since that time has been traveling with different small shows and has become a cocaine fiend. On trial before the magistrate in Chicago yesterday she admitted having stolen the trousers to procure cocaine and begged to be released. The judge thought a sentence at the Bridewell would do her good and she will be there for 15 days.

Annie Oakley at one time was a beautiful girl and her pitiful condition now will be deplored by all who ever saw her, and there is little doubt but that her sad plight will find relief from some of the friends of her prosperous days. She says that she acquired the cocaine habit by baking small quantities of it before her performances in the Wild West show to strengthen her nerves for fine shooting.-Bluffton News.

The Chicago police have learned that the real Annie Oakley is not a prisoner, as reported. The woman posing as the expert rifle shot is declared to be an imposter. Annie Oakley in private life is Mrs. Frank
Butler and she is living peacefully in Nuttle, N. J. The prisoner sent to the Bridewell claimed to be the daughter-in-law of W. F. Cody (Buffalo Bill), but Mrs. Butler denied this in a telegram.
