Idaville Observer Nov. 4 1904
"BUFFALO BILL" ON A MAN HUNT
AT CODY, WYOMING.

BANK CASHIER IS MURDERED

Bandits Armed to the Teeth Escape After Battle and Old Scout Gets After Them.

Cody, Wyo. Special: William F. Cody ("Buffalo Bill") the famous Indian fighter, is on the trail again to hunt down four armed outlaws who robbed the First National Bank of this place Tuesday afternoon after killing Cashier Frank Middaugh and escaped into the Rattlesnake mountains following a running fight with cowboys and hunters.

Within ten minutes after his arrival here Wednesday on a special train the old scout was in the saddle and riding at top speed to direct the campaign against the outlaws. "Buffalo Bill" has with him a party of titled Englishmen and two of his Sioux Indian scouts, and telegraphed orders for horses to be awaiting his party at the station.

The outlaws, who are Hole-in-the- Wall men and armed to the teeth, are in the Rattlesnake mountains, where they are being pursued by half a dozen different posses. The Hole-in the-Wall gang are noted as the most dangerous outlaws in the West, and the Cody posses are determined to wipe them out.

One of the posses, led by Sheriff Jeff Champion, overtook the outlaws at dusk twenty miles south of Cody, and a battle ensued in which Champion had a horse shot under him but was uninjured. The bandits obtained fresh horses and escaped.

Just before the close of the bank Tuesday afternoon four roughly dressed men rode up to the First National Bank, in the heart of the town and immediately across the street from the Irma, "Buffalo Bill's" fine hotel. Three men dismounted and entered the building, the fourth guarding the horses.

As soon as the outlaws entered the bank, one of them covered Cashier Middaugh and demanded the cash from the vault. Middaugh grabbed a revolver and made a game fight, firing several shots even before the outlaw leader could reply. But Middaugh bullets went wild, while the single shot from the outlaw's gun passed through the banker's brain and he died instantly.

The shooting attracted a party of hunters, who reached the Irma from the opposite side of the building, and as these rushed around the corner of the hotel they opened fire on the outlaws' horses.

The bandits from the building rushed out, and under cover of each other's fire, mounted their horses and rode down the street, firing in all directions and escaping into the prairies, and from thence into the mountains, seemingly without a scratch.

