Indianapolis News Dec. 19 1902
A Great Circus War is Billed for Coming Year
Syndicate Is Building Opposition Cars to Fight Ringling Brothers, Wallace and Other Shows.
A great circus war is billed for next year, and indications are that Indianapolis will see a spectacular side of circus life that has never been down on the bills. It is announced that the great circus syndicate, that is centralized around the Barnum & Bailey, the Sells-Forepaugh and the Buffalo Bill shows, will attempt to crush Ringling Brothers, Wallace and the other showmen that, in the past, have attempted to cut in on the routes of "the big shows." 
The Barnum and Bailey show has been brought home from Europe, and James A. Bailey has come with it to conduct the war. His first move has been to order the construction of special "opposition" cars. The Sells-Forepaugh opposition car, which will be in charge of J. M. J. Kane, of Cincinnati, is being fitted out now. It is to be loaded with extra fine paper and an unusual quantity of it, and it will be manned by the swiftest gangs of bill posters and the shrewdest contracting agents and legal counselors. The agent in charge of the "opposition" car I will have plenty of money and instructions to use it.
Scalping the Syndicate.
The Ringlings' and Wallace shows have been cutting in on the syndicate's dates and scalping them with impunity. When they attempt it next year the "opposition" car will be ordered out and its corps will handle the situation. Billing, such as never before practiced, and the lavish use of money will be employed. It may be that the price of the "big shows" will be cut when such a fight comes on, and the "big shows" may even run in on Ringling's and Wallace's dates. 
Though Bailey does not announce intention of forcing the opposition into his trust, it is thought that he is preparing to do so. He will make the special fight this year with the Barnum-Bailey show and the Sells-Forepaugh show. He will send the Buffalo Bill show to Europe to play over a circuit that is sure to produce big revenues. It can make enough money to meet any deficit in a hot circus war on this side of the ocean fi the fight should become a losing one. 
