Indianapolis Sun June 4 1908 pg. 3

Ranchmen's Pleasures.

Among the typical western scenes which will be shown with Buffalo" Bill s Wild West will be "A Holiday at T-E Ranch," in which the pleasures and amusements of the plainsmen and early settlers of the Middle West will be correctly illustrated.

Cowboys will deport themselves on horseback, doing the various "stunts" which their equestrian expertness has made them famous for; roping horses, picking up objects from the ground while their broncos are at full gallop, and performing numerous other tricks known and accomplished by the cowboy of the prairies. In the same scene will be introduced the only troupe of trained broncos and mustangs ever presented in public. Ray Thompson has achieved the hitherto impossible feat of educating the western horse, training him to perform the various "high-school" tricks of the thoroughbred circus horse and accomplishing feats which it has never been presumed these lineal descendants of the wild horse were capable of being instructed in. As a culminating feature of their performance one of the horses jumps over a table at which is seated a party of diners.

While these scenes of revelry are being enacted, Indians are noticed to be stealthily approaching and soon they make a murderous attack upon the ranch house and the pleasure party and the scene of revelry is quickly changed to one of relentless combat. By this method Buffalo Bill illustrates the dangers and perils which beset the pioneer in his mission of redeeming the prairies to the uses of civilization. Other scenes typical of early days in the west which will form a part of Buffalo Bill's exhibition will be "The Battle of Summit Springs" and "The Great Train Hold-Up." The rough-riding contingent will show thrilling feats of equestrianism and will illustrate the riding methods of the world's equestrian nations. All told. Buffalo Bill will present a remarkable entertainment one which has no equal and one which is alone in its class as an out-of- door amusement enterprise.
