Indianapolis Star July 2, 1911 pg. 30

PROMOTION

SHOW SPENDS $31,000 WEEKLY

REQUIRES TONS OF EDIBLES

Fifteen Cooks and Forty Waiters Supply Needs of Army of 850 With Exhibition

An aggregate weekly expenditure of more than $31,000 is required to move and operate Buffalo Bill’s Wild West and Pawnee Bill’s Far East combined shows, according to Peter S. McNally, press representative of the shows, who is in the city preparing for the exhibitions here on July 11. Food and its preparation for the 850 persons with the show is a big item, he said, as fifteen cooks and forty waiters are required. 

About $4,500 a day, every day of the week, and a like amount on Sunday, is required to pay the general expenses of the “Two Bills” exhibition, he said. The cost of food for man and beast, the tenting, transportation, billposting, newspaper advertising, lot rentals, licenses charges ran into money very rapidly. 

There is a household of 850 persons from all quarters of the globe and the food that they eat is far better in quality than is to be found on many a well-supplied table. Fifteen cooks and forty waiters are necessary. Breakfast usually consists of corned beef hash, pork and ham, beef stew or kidney pie, hamburger roast, cold roast beef, doughnuts and dessert, with tea, coffee and milk. For supper there is a vegetable soup, roasts of beef, mutton and ham, boiled or mashed potatoes, other vegetables and dessert. 

“To supply those ample meals there are required 600 pounds of beef, 350 pounds of pork, 500 pounds of mutton and lamb, 120 pounds of coffee, 400 gallons of milk, 800 loaves of bread, and from 250 to 350 pounds of sugar. There must be on hand daily six bushels of carrots, thirty bushels of potatoes, twenty-two bushels of turnips, twelve dozen cans of tomatoes and like number of corn or succotash, besides supplies of fresh vegetables in like quantity. 

EXPEND $31,000 WEEKLY

“The cow puncher averages from $40 to $90 a month and all his expenses in addition, amount to $10 to $15 a month if he remains all the season with the show. The Indians draw from $25 to $45 a month; the chiefs $60 and special salaries, which add $20 to $30 more, besides all expenses. Ninety canvas men get from $25 to $60 a month; waiters, $7 a week, with $3 each week in premiums, pain in a lump sum at the end of the season, cooks from $10 to $25 a week, with an additional $5 a week as premiums by the same lump sum arrangement.”

“The household expenses of the big combined exhibitions are divided by a rough percentage in which the salaries of the performers, clerical force and press department are grouped. They represent an expenditure of $31, 000 each week and the director of the show must be prepared to spend in a six month season at least $200,000. The great organization must of necessity be managed with care.” 

“The earning of a big enterprise like Buffalo Bill’s and Pawnee Bill’s exhibition would be impossible to estimate, for the reason that while the management knows from day to day what its expenditures will be, it never knows for a certainty what the receipts will be. The season thus far has been very profitable one in fact, the business is unprecedented.”

There will be two performances on the West Washington street show grounds, afternoon and evening. There will be no street parade. 

***This article is accompanied by a large photo of Miss Millie Miliam and her horse Prince***

One of the darling equestrians with Buffalo Bill Wild West and Pawnee Bill Far East show is Miss Miliam, who began riding Indian ponies on a Wyoming ranch when she was a girl.
