Indianapolis Journal Jan. 2 1904
MILES AND BUFFALO BILL. 
Old Scout Tells Former Commander About King Edward. 
Chicago Chronicle.
General Miles and Col. W. F. Cody met a few days ago in Chicago, and noticing a scarf pin worn by "Buffalo Bill," General Miles asked him where he got it. 
"That pin?" laughed Colonel Cody. "It's a sparkler, isn't it? That's the gift of King Ed. Say, he's a bully fellow. Ever meet him?" 
General Miles had met him and described the meeting, but, seeing his eyes still fixed on the scarf pin. Colonel Cody began a story. 
"That pin was swiped once in London," he said. "Disappeared all of a sudden, and with it these cuff buttons. Yes sir, gone clean as a whistle. You know it's not every day that a king gives a fellow a scarf pin, and I was mighty proud of it. I got all Scotland Yard after that pin but nary a trace of it did they find. Then I turned my scouts and Indians loose. Say, the way the Indians hit the trail was a caution. They hadn't been gone more'n a few hours till one buck hikes in with the pin. One of the show boys had got hard up and pawned the whole outfit." 
"How goes the West?" asked General Miles. "
"First rate. Struck oil out my way the other day. Hear about it?"
The general looked interested. "Oil, did you say? Well, now, I'm mightily interested in oil just now. When did you strike it?" 
"Last week; and, say, it's the finest oil that ever was struck. Only one place in the world where oil like that can be found, and that's in Germany. Remember what the Indians used to tell us? You remember they used to say that they knew where there was oil that was the best thing on earth for sore backs and bruises and cuts. Remember how they would steal away with a bruised horse and bring him back in a few days, sound and well?" 
"Do I remember it?" queried the general. "Why, that was one of the mysteries of the hills." 
"Well, I just remembered that, and I had some fellows prospecting and looking for that oil, and now I've found it." 
"Any new stories?" queried the general. 
"Any new ones?" and the colonel laughed.
"Why, any number. You see, Patti came across on the same steamer I did. We are old friends, you know, and she asked me to tell her some Wild West yarns. Well. I told her all I knew, and still she wasn't satisfied. So I had to go on inventing them until the end of the trip. Pretty well stocked now, thank you."
