Indianapolis Journal Feb. 7 1904
Adventurous Career of "Bill" Reedy
Now a Local Theater Policeman
He Traveled for Years with the Buffalo Bill Show and Cannot Say Too Much in Praise of Colonel Cody 
A familiar person to all of the patrons of the Empire Theater is William Reedy, or, as he is known among his friends "Bill" Reedy, who acts in the capacity of special policeman at the playhouse. It is Reedy's duty when the gallery gods become too boisterous to call them down, and if any of the audience becomes unruly to see that he is either put out or made to behave himself. However, Reedy's experiences have not been confined within the walls of a theater, for he was born out West, where his youth was spent in riding over the Great Plains and wandering through the open country. 
It is for this reason that he has had enough exciting experiences to fill an ordinary book, as have had all men who come from Wyoming. The thing that has given Reedy more experience with the world than the ordinary Western man is the fact that for a number of years he traveled with Buffalo Bill's show. He had followed the cowboy in the West and starting in with the show riding bucking horses, but it was soon learned by those in charge that he was very successful in handling horses, and consequently he was made superintendent of stock, and this gave him full control and management of all the horses carried by the show. And this, as may easily be imagined, was no small task, for with an aggregation such as colonel Cody had the horses were one of the main features. It took the very best of care to keep them in a proper condition, for some of them were always getting hurt during the performances, and Reedy practically acted in the capacity of a veterinary surgeon, it being his duty to doctor all the horses under his charge. 
Reedy is the pure type of Westerner- big, broad-shouldered and muscularly built. His eye is of that peculiar gray which denotes fearlessness, and there's the same expression about them that is characteristic of a steamboat pilot- that of looking far into the distance at all times. 
In 1887, when Buffalo Bill went to Europe with his show and remained there for two years, Reedy accompanied him. During that trip all the prominent points in the old world were reached and consequently Reedy has seen most of the crowned heads of Europe and many of the nobility. But to get Reedy to tell of his experiences is no easy task, for like all men who have had exciting careers, he is reticent concerning them for fear people will think he is seeking undue notoriety. However, in speaking the other day of his trip through Europe, he said: 
"Yes. I went to Europe with the show, and I will say that they will never get me out of this country again. When it came time for us to pull up and come home I tell you I was glad to again see the coast of the United States. Not that we were not treated all right over there, for, of course, the show took very fine with the foreigner and everything we wanted was ours. But I just don't like that part of the world." 
Indians in High Feather 
"In England Colonel Cody's show was the only one that ever gave a private performance for Queen Victoria. All of the royal family were present, and it was something so different from anything any of them had ever seen that they greatly enjoyed it. Colonel Cody, or the "old man" as he is called by everybody who traveled with the show, was entertained and dined by all of the royalty and every one was greatly taken with him. The Indians also made quite a hit in England. They gave drawing-room parties for them and they were feasted in the greatest style. It was certainly an off sight to see the Indians in all of their war paint and feathers mingling with the most fashionable society of London, and the Englishmen thought that they were the most interesting people they had ever come across. 
"Did you have any adventures while abroad?" he was asked. 
"I think the most exciting time we had," he replied, "was while in Naples. A riding contest was held there while we were in the city, and the natives tried to ride against the cowboys. Now, the rules of a riding contest are that the rider must sit straight on the horse, keep both feet in the stirrups and not touch the bridle with his hands. The way it was conducted was that they furnished the horses for us to ride and we gave them our horses. 
"We let them try Jubilee, one of the favorite horses of the Colonel's. He was a little, stocky-built black pure-bred animal. He was as gentle as a child to get on, but as soon as you were in the saddle the way he would buck and kick was awful. Those Italians would no more than get on him before they would be off. They couldn't begin to stay with him, and wanted to throw him down and chain him, but this the old man would not permit. 
"Finally, when it came time for us to ride, they brought in a herd of wild horses just off the plains, not one of which had ever had a halter on, let alone anything like a bridle and saddle. Well, we corralled the, got bridles and saddles on them and the cowboys rode them all night. They were the easiest thing that we struck. Those wild horses could not being to throw our men. This made the natives so mad that they seized Jubilee and were going to throw him and chain him; but this we would not allow, and things looked as though there was going to be trouble for a while, but the Italians thought better of it and withdrew. 
"Jubilee was the best horse I ever saw. He was with the show until he was twenty-six years old, and then the Colonel gave him to some man that wanted him and promised to give him the best of care; and you can rest assured that the man did give good care. Colonel Cody would have never let him have the horse if he had not been certain on that point, for he was a man who loved horses and always insisted on their having the best of care, and there was nothing too good for them in his estimation. Horses had been his constant companions and he knew them as few other men know the animal." 
A King's Joke
Mr. Reedy likes to talk of Colonel Cody and related this incident: 
"While we were in London Colonel Cody drove the stage coach through the streets. There were seated in it four kings, and on the seat with him was the Prince of Wales, who is now King Edward VII. After the ride, just as they were all going to dismount, the prince said: 'Well, Colonel, you don't often hold a hand like this, with four kings.'
"'No,' replied the colonel, 'four kings and a royal joker are certainly a rare hand.'
"That little incident illustrates the fact that the colonel was always ready with an answer, no matter what was said to him .The Indians, when in Rome, all went to the Vatican and were blessed by the Pope. That was a very odd and at the same time interesting sight." 
When Reedy can be got to talk about Indians, he is at ease, for he has made a study of these people. He has been so closely associated with them that he has had excellent opportunities in this regard. When asked about those who traveled with the show, he said: 
"Indians like road work, that is, to travel with a show, for they are naturally of a roving disposition, and going about seeking new tings and different people strikes them just about right. And it is for this reason that Colonel Cody seldom takes the same Indians out for the second season. Of course, he had Indians with him that had been with the show for a number of years, but they are few. The reason that they are no good the second year is that they learn too much. An Indian is very quick to learn, and about one season on the road generally spoils him. 
"The Indians that are with the show were tribes of the Ogallalas. This is a part of the Sioux nation. You understand that this nation is divided into a number of tribes and each tribes speaks a different language. The reason that Colonel Cody always selected the Ogallala Indians was that they were more easily governed than the other Sioux. They were not quarrelsome, are very intelligent and are the best all-round Indians that exist. 
"You understand," went on Mr. Reedy, "that he took the reservation Indians with him, and to do this he had to give bond to the government for their return. The law is that a reservation Indian cannot leave his territory without having his hair cut, but Colonel Cody always put up bond for their safe return in the winter. Colonel Cody was the shrewdest man in picking out Indians that ever was. When it came time for him to select his Indians he would send them word that he was coming. When the day arrived he would get on a box and pick out the ones he wanted from the crowd.
Indians Liked Cody 
"These people all thought a great deal of him for he always treated them kindly, gave them plenty to eat and plenty of money. He speaks the different Indian languages, and they call him Pahaska, which means long hair, and he can govern them better than any man I ever saw. Whenever an Indian got bad and would not stay on the lot, he would be sent immediately back to the reservation. 
"This Ogallala Indian," said Mr. Reedy, "is the best looking of all the tribes. He has a light brown skin a face like a full moon, a square, heavy-set jaw, and has the best nature of any Indian in existence. Whenever you find an Indian with a long, straight nose, high cheek bones, a long, narrow chin with very red lips, he is not to be trusted, and he will cut you the first chance he gets. In Colonel Cody's show he always had from 100 to 135, and there was seldom any trouble with them."
Reverting to his favorite topic, his old employer, Mr. Reedy said: 
"Colonel Cody was one of the best men I have ever known. He is as tender hearted as a woman, and will go further out of his way to do a man a friendly turn than any person I ever met. All of his men have the greatest respect for him. He, however, has certain rules that govern the show, and these must not be disobeyed, for if they are, the man will be discharged without warning. I remember of one incident where the United States cavalry troop disobeyed the rules and he discharged the whole lot of them and cut the entire act out until he could get more troops. He was the greatest disciplinarian that ever lived. If he and General Miles could have got to the West when Sitting Bull was killed there would have been no trouble with the Indians at that time, for they loved both Miles and Cody and would have done whatever they told them to do."
Reedy has been in a number of the Indian wars and was for some time a scout employed by the government. No doubt he has many interesting stories to tell in connection with his work, but when asked about it he will only laugh and say it was nothing out of the ordinary
