Indianapolis Journal Aug. 18 1900
BUFFALO BILL'S RANCH
JOHN H. MARTIN DESCRIBES BEAUTIES OF BIG HORN BASIN. 
He Has Just Returned from a Visit to Col. Cody's Western Home- Irrigation Plans 
"I have been spending several months on Col. Cody's ranches near the Yellowstone Park," said John Henry Martin, the well-known theatrical manager, at his home last night, "and, as you can see, the sojourn did me good physically. I went out there for my health primarily, and weigh thirty pounds more than when I left Indianapolis. I have also been looking after the large interests of Colonel Cody (Buffalo Bill) in that part of Wyoming. 
"That is a great country," continued Mr. Martin. "It is in the northwest corner of the State of Wyoming. The county is called Big Horn County, and gets its name from the Big Horn basin, in which it is situated. Big Horn basin is a body of land about the size of the State of Connecticut, entirely surrounded by mountains. On the east are the Big Horn Mountains, on the north and west the Wapitis and the Absorkas, on the south the Ishawooas, the Mud River and Owl ranges. All of these belong to the Rocky mountain range. The Ishawooa and Wapiti ranges are a part of the continental divide from which the waters flow from there through the Snake and Columbia rivers to the Pacific Ocean, and through the Yellowstone River and the Missouri and the Mississippi into the Gulf of Mexico. The particular part of the country in which Colonel Cody's interests are located is drained by a confluent of the Big Horn River, which is itself a confluent of the Yellowstone, hence the Big Horn basin lies on the Atlantic side of the continental divide. The Ishawooa and Wapiti mountains are within Yellowstone Park, and also within that addition to the park which was made by President Harrison's proclamation creating a timber reserve. 
THE TOWN OF CODY. 
"The town of Cody is situated upon the Shoshone River in the Big Horn basin and is now the metropolis of that part of the country. The spot was first seen by a white man named Colson, a trapper, who was a member of Lewis & Clarke's expedition in 1805 (I believe it was.) Mr. Colson came through Yellowstone Park, passing from the headwaters of the Snake to the headwaters of the Yellowstone. He saw the hot springs and the famous spouting geysers, of which he talked without cessation on his return to St. Louis. Colson's tales aroused the curiosity of two other trappers, who concluded that they would make a trip to this wonderful place. They followed up the Missouri and Yellowstone and Big Horn and Shoshone rivers to the present location of Cody, where they found the mammoth hot springs and, numerous extinct geysers, and concluded these were what had been seen by Colson. 
"To-day the same springs seen by those trappers are pouring forth an immense volume of hot water and constitute a Mecca for the sick for hundreds and hundreds of miles around. The hot springs gush from a cliff which stands perpendicular almost two hundred feet in height. The waters come out in such volume that, their mineral coloring matter is clearly visible for miles along the course of the Shoshone River. The odors of the minerals in the springs can be detected ten miles away. In fact, the Indians gave the waters a name which signifies in plain English "The Stinking Water." After one has been at the place a short time, however, the disagreeable smell is not noticed. The water is good for all diseases which have their origin in a disordered state of the stomach and blood. Such ailments yield quickly and effectually to the healing properties of the minerals in the water. 
"The Big Horn basin attracted no particular attention from the outside world until the early '70s, because no great mines were found there. Then the stockmen began to come in to find here fine pasture for their herds. 

AN OLD HERO.
 "Old Colonel Pickett, who is the hero of Seton Thompson's 'Autobiography of a Grizzly Bear', resides on his ranch in the basin. He gets his mail at a post office called Four Bears, named after an incident in Thompson's interesting story, lives on his own beautiful Pallette ranch. 
"But the greatest fame of that section," continued Mr. Martin, "and surely the most extensive effort to bring it to the attention of the world has been and is being made by Colonel Cody. Among the colonel's enterprises are large irrigation plants, some of which are finished and others still under construction. He is president of the Shoshone Irrigation Company, and another great irrigation canal is being constructed by Colonel Cody and his partner 'Nate' Salsbury. It will cover, when completed, about 200,000 acres of the finest land in the West, upon which by irrigation can be grown any crop known to the State of Indiana. Colonel Cody owns the Cody Enterprise, a newspaper which is managed and edited by John H. Peak, and is doing good work in making known the advantages of the Big Horn basin to home-seekers. Incidentally, it strikes some valiant blows in defense of the administration at Washington, which I observe is being attacked by a few men who are scarcely of large enough caliber to be designated as traitors.
"But to return to 'our mutton,'" said Mr. Martin, who, being an ardent Republican, could not resist the temptation to mention politics, "another enterprise of Col. Cody's is what is known as the Carter ranch, one of the best in the Western country. Upon this immense farm are raised each year over 300 tons of excellent timothy hay. Adjoining the Carter is another ranch controlled by the colonel, called the Lease, which obtains its name from the fact that he has leased from the State of Wyoming 18,000 acres of land, to be used as a game preserve and as a grazing headquarters for more than a thousand range horses, which he owns. Colonel Cody also has the 'T.E' ranch, forty miles from the town of Cody, where he has a herd of over 500 Hereford cattle. As soon as his shows season ends, the colonel hies himself to his Western possessions at top speed, and remains there until the very last minute before the opening of the next tour.

 ACTED AS GUIDE. 
"Colonel Cody's attention was first draw to this part of the country in an interesting manner. In 1872 he as acting as a guide for a couple of college professors named Marsh and Powell, who were in the Yellowstone country hunting for curious fossil specimens. At that time the colonel had no thought that he would ever be anything more than a scout and an Indian fighter, which occasional side ventures as a tourist guide. Professor March remarked that the country within the Big Horn basin was one of the richest in the world on account of its soil being the deposit at the bottom of a lake which had evidently been there at one time. Accordingly when, about five years ago, Senator Carey, of Wyoming, succeeded in having a law passed through the national Congress by which the government would donate large bodies of arid land to the States in which they were located, Colonel Cody remembered the 'tip' given by Professor March, and obtained a charter for an irrigating canal, by which the Shoshone river could be made available to fertilize over 200,000 acres of the best land in the basin. That is why he is there to-day. 
The town of Cody will be one of the terminal points of the Burlington Railroad, which is now being constructed and will be completed, at the latest, in September, 1901. The government has made an appropriation for the purpose of building a stage road from Cody into the national park, and when that road is finished Cody will at once become one of the gateways to the park, and I think it cannot fall to be the most popular one in the eyes of tourists and sightseers. It certainly ought to be popular with those in search of health, since the part of the park which is now visited by tourists through the Cinnabar route is inaccessible on account of snow until the middle of June and becomes again impassible about the first of September for the same reason, while the road from Cody is clear up to the month of November. In this part of the basin are valleys as beautiful as the sun ever shed its rays upon. 

RIVALS YOSEMITE.
 "The pretty Shoshone canyon, in which are fine ranches, is flanked on either side for more than twenty miles by almost perpendicular cliffs that are from 3,000 to 4,000 feet high. Over these cliffs large streams come tumbling down into the Shoshone valley from giddy heights. One of these streams, called fall creek, takes some terrific leaps in its course to the valley below. One of its jumps is 880 feet, after which it descends a rocky ledge 500 feet in height. By the time it reaches the bottom you can imagine that, the water is about all converted into spray, and all this can to-day be seen from a comfortable carriage. 
"In Rock creek basin, which is on the road to Yellowstone Park, are any quantity of natural curiosities in the shape of rock formations bearing resemblances to animals, birds, people, architecture and the like. In spite of all these attractions. I venture to say that not over one hundred people have ever been within that marvelous place, and most of that hundred have been interested simply in finding spots suitable for grazing purposes." 
Mr. Martin was asked as to his plans for the future. "I intend to make a trip to the East in a few days and then I shall return to Big Horn basin in the interest of Colonel Cody." 
When visited by a reporter Mr. Martin was busily engaged in developing a number of Kodak pictures. "These are some views which I took during a week with the Wild West show," he said, "and I intend to arrange them in the form of a little book and present them, to Colonel Cody." The views are of scenes in the life of Colonel Cody's host of show people, and possess great interest.

