Indianapolis Sun June 10 1908 pg. 3

Big Herd of Buffaloes with Wild West Show

Buffalo Bill's herd of buffaloes which he exhibits with his Wild West constitutes one of the very few herds of bison still in existence. There are less than 300 buffaloes all told remaining on the' continent. The remnant of millions which once roamed the prairies. They constitute one of the most interesting exhibits with Buffalo Bill's Wild West, which will be in Indianapolis, June 15, and are used in the exhibition to illustrate the methods of the hunter in the olden days when Buffalo Bill was a youth and when the Indians were monarchs of the Middle West.

The Battle of Summit Springs and the Great Train Hold-up will be the chief spectacular incidents of Buffalo Bill's Wild West. They will illustrate two distinct eras in western development and will be reproduced with that same fidelity to truth which marks every factor in Col. Cody's truly representative American exhibition. Lesser scenes will be the "Attack on an Emigrant Train," showing the dangers of pioneering, and "A Holiday at T-E Ranch," will show the life of the plainsman. The Congress of Rough Riders will be an especially interesting section of the exhibit, and at every performance, Col. William F. Cody, the original and only Buffalo Bill, will ride at the head of his company, direct the exhibition and appear in the principal scenes.
  
Many styles of horsemanship will be shown by the rough riders with Buffalo Bill's Wild West when it visits this city. These horsemen have been drawn from all the equestrian nations of t h e world.
Russian Cossacks will ride with the Mexican Vaquero, the American cowboy will be shown in contrast with the Bedouin Arab, the military grace of the Royal English Dragoons, Irish Lancers and German Cuirassiers will be easily compared with the native recklessness of the American Indian. To see all the horsemen in their native lands, who will be ha the saddle with Buffalo Bill's Wild West, one would be compelled to travel the world over.

