Indianapolis Sun Sept. 23 1897

A Woman Who Can Shoot.
Besides exiting examples of wild, rough horsemanship, as it exists in all parts of Wild West and Congress of Rough Riders of the world, includes also many marvelous specimens of skill in marksmanship, acrobatic feats and horse racing; and at the head of all is Buffalo Bill himself, one of the most picturesque figures.

One performer in the Wild West exhibition is entitled to especial attention, from the fact that she is the only white woman in Buffalo Bill's camp, and is at the same time the champion lady rifle shot of America. This is Annie Oakley, who, when not traveling with the Wild West entertainment, resides at Nutley. N. J., but was raised at the old homestead in Ohio. Annie Oakley has performed some of the most remarkable feats with the rifle that ever man or woman attempted. Some of her pastimes are shooting a 10-cent piece from between the thumb and finger of a man 35 feet away. In 1885 she shot at 5,000 glass balls in one day loading the guns herself and breaking out of that number 4,772 balls. She can shoot as well while riding at full speed over a hurdle. Sitting Bull, after seeing her shoot at St. Paul, gave her the name of "Watanya Cicilla," or "Little Sure-Shot." She has shot with the Prince of Wales, and has scores of medals and other trophies of her skill and popularity. Despite her frame and skill and daring she is one of the gentlest little creatures alive, and in disposition and sweet simplicity is more of a child than a woman. True as steel and bubbling over with fun she shows in voice, speech and manner the very essence of refinement. In Europe, where skill and art and science, allied with good breeding are more than equal with wealth as an "open sesame" to high social associations. Miss Oakley was received as a guest by ladies in aristocratic houses, where snobbishness would be denied admission at the back gate. She is an honor to true American womanhood and there is not a man of the thousands in Buffalo Bill's camp that does not pay her the respect due a veritable queen.

Another remarkable marksman, whose skill is scarcely inferior to that of Annie Oakley, is Johnny Baker, who is considered the equal of the most accurate marksmen in America, and who during the past winter was a prize winner at some of the greatest shooting tournaments.
