Indianapolis Journal Jan. 19 1902 pg. 4
Colonel W. F. Cody, known over the world as "Buffalo Bill," is now in Washington and thinks of presenting his famous Deadwood coach to the National Museum. There is a collection of all kinds of vehicles in the museum, but nothing like the Deadwood coach. It was built in 1863 at Concord, N. H., shipped around the Horn to San Francisco and thence in the course of time found its way to Wyoming, where it figured in some thrilling adventures. Col. Cody has taken it with him on his foreign tours, and scores of titled persons, including several Kings, have ridden in it. In England the Princess of Wales, now Queen Alexandra, asked to be permitted to ride in it, and then it became the vogue. Colonel Cody tells the following: 
On one occasion the Prince of Wales commanded that I drive the coach for four gentlemen who were examining it curiously. The gentlemen entered while I mounted to the box. The Prince of Wales asked to be allowed to sit beside me while I drove. A band of my Sioux Indians chased us around the inclosure and the entire party of five enjoyed the experience wonderfully. After the ride the Prince of Wales said to me, "I suppose you never before had the pleasure of holding four kings?" This reference to the national game led me to reply: "Yes. I have often held four kings, but never four kings with the royal joker at the same time." I was introduced to the four distinguished personages who rode in the coach. They were Leopold, King of the Belgians, the King of Saxony, King George of Greece, and King Oscar of Norway and Sweden. 
Colonel Cody's sobriquet of "Buffalo Bill" is a survival of the days when he was a frontiersman, scout and Indian fighter. Now he is a welcome guest in the best society, has a palatial residence, a fine library and art gallery, and is justly regarded as one of the most public-spirited citizens of Wyoming. In 1857, when twenty years old, he contracted to furnish the Kansas Pacific Railway with all the buffalo meat required to feed the laborers engaged in construction, and in eighteen months of 1867-1868 he killed 4,250 buffaloes, thereby earning his nickname.
