Indianapolis Journal Sept. 29 1900
BRIEF SPEECH BY COLONEL CODY WHO SAYS THE REPUBLICAN TICKET IS ALREADY ELECTED 
Roosevelt to Make Eighteen Speeches To-Day- Incidents of the Final Meetings in Colorado 
HUTCHINSON, Kan., Sept. 28. - The first day in Kansas of the Roosevelt campaign has been successful as far as audiences and interest are concerned. The meetings have been larger and the interest greater than at any other time during the trip west of the Missouri river. Big meetings were held at Abilene, Salina and Lindsburg. The last meeting of the day was at this place, and as it was a night meeting and had been well prepared for and advertised, it was by far the greatest demonstration of the day. 
National Republican Committeeman Mulvane and the State committee of the State of Kansas arranged to-day for seventeen speeches for Governor Roosevelt, including a night speech and a day journey of 490 miles. The result has been that the special Roosevelt train did not reach Hutchinson until 10 o'clock, two hours and a half late. The train failed to run on schedule time, and thousands of people were kept in the open air at different places along the road for hours awaiting its arrival. The committee in charge have arranged for eighteen speeches in this State to-morrow. 
The first stop made by the special train to-day was at Jennings at 7 o'clock. At Horton the Governor left the train, was escorted to a platform in the open air and made a brief speech. Governor Roosevelt reminded hearers that in 1860 Kansas had stood for liberty in deed and not in name only; for that liberty that knows how to govern itself and therefore how to govern others. He said that they would be unworthy sons if they did not try to maintain the heritage for which their fathers had shed their blood. There was a large number of Hollanders In the crowd, and the Governor saluted his hearers in opening his remarks with a few words of their mother tongue. 
At Prairie View the Governor was introduced from the rear platform of the train. "I am told that there is here a settlement from the land from which my ancestors came. Is it true? [Cries of 'Yes, yes.'] If you will let a Dutchman give a word of advice, I will give it. Out in the land from which my ancestors came they kept the flood out by dykes. As you know, Holland has been won from the sea. They put the dykes up to keep the waters out. Putting the dykes up does not make the land prosperous unless the land is cultivated. The only way it can be cultivated is to keep the water out. During the last four years in this country we have been putting up a big dyke to keep Bryanism out. I hope no one is going to be foolish enough to break down the dykes." 
There were good crowds and brief stops at Phillipsburg, Smith Center, Nankato, Belleville and Clyde. Hera there was a shout and a rush for the rear platform, where Governor Roosevelt stood. A short speech was made, and when the train was moving off a rush was made to shake hands and several women and children were trampled on and injured in the rush. Clay Center was the next stop, and a large crowd was in waiting. Governor Roosevelt left the train to go to a platform around which a crowd had assembled. 
When the train arrived at Junction City a great surprise awaited the Governor. Drawn up in line on their horses were "Buffalo Bill's" soldiers and Indians in costume and a large crowd of people. A dozen or more of the soldiers were found to have been members of the Roosevelt regiment in Cuba. Cannon and Gatling guns belched forth a salute to the incoming train. When the train stopped "Buffalo Bill" in the picturesque dress of a pioneer frontiersman appeared at the rear of the coach and was warmly greeted by the Governor. After Governor Roosevelt had made a short speech he introduced to the crowd Colonel Cody, who said: "Ladies and Gentlemen- Governor Roosevelt is the American cyclone and I don't wonder that some have taken to their cellars. The ticket Governor Roosevelt represents is already elected, and all they have got to do is to show down and take the pot. I have with me members of Colonel Roosevelt's regiment at San Juan Hill. I have others who belonged to the Sixth and Tenth Cavalry. I have also with me some of the men who were the best soldiers from Great Britain and the continent. I came to Kansas a boy in 1853. My father gave his life for the freedom of Kansas. He stood between civilization and savagery. Every mile of Kansas has been covered and won with blood. We had to expand. Kansas is still expanding. The State was then known as 'Bleeding Kansas.' It is no longer 'Bleeding Kansas.' It is one of the great States of the Union.
At this point the train moved off and Colonel Cody's oration was cut short.
Hutchinson was not reached, until 10:30 o'clock. The Governor was very tired, and after a warm reception at the Auditorium in the park a brief address was made by him and he retired to rest. 

