Indianapolis Journal April 28 1901 PAGE 20
MORE THAN EVER.
Buffalo Bill's Big Aggregation, Introducing Many New Features. 
	With many new features added, Buffalo Bill's Wild West and Congress of Rough Riders of the World is announced to exhibit in this city on Tuesday, May 21, for two performances. The advance notices state that the additions, since the exhibition was here last, are such as to attract much attention, including, as they do, riders and soldiers of universal reputation who have just returned from the Transvaal, where they participated in quite a number of engagements, and some of them show the result of this participation by wounds which they received. 
	In the ranks of the Boers are many men who fought for nearly two years and were badly wounded. After their recovery they found it impossible to return to their regiments. They are now participating in the introduction of the Rough Riders. Amon the English warriors are members of Baden-Powell's famous battalion, who have seen some hard service in recent years. These men are all expert riflemen. The Canadian Mounted Rifles, an organization which was so warmly indorsed by the European government, also contributes some of their heroes. The Northwest Mounted Police, who also participated in these battles, are to be seen. 
	Another feature is the introduction for the first time in an open-air exhibition of a guard of the Life-saving Service. These men have been selected from the stations located at Newport, Sandy Hook, Absecon, Atlantic City, and Lewes. They introduce in a novel manner the duties they are called upon to perform in the event of a wreck, or the disabling of a ship, showing the beach drill, manning the beach cart, placing the life line, and breeches buoy and the running of the buoy, ending in a most sensational saving of lives. 
	The spectacular feature is one that is thoroughly up to date, being a realistic reproduction of the battle of Tien-Tsin, an exciting episode of the rescue of the imprisoned legation at Peking, which for two months last year had the entire world in suspense as to the outcome. In this event the introduction of the scaling of the high walls of the Chinese kingdom by the marines of the allied powers is very exciting and tends to make this the grandest spectacle ever witnessed. 
	There is no end of attractions. All features which have for years made up the Wild West are retained, including the wild Western bucking ponies, cowboys, Mexicans, Russian Cossacks, Indians, United States artillery and cavalry, Bedouin Arabs, South American Gauchos and Annie Oakley and Johnny Baker in feats with the rifle and gun. Colonel W. F. Cody (Buffalo Bill) is at the head of the entire organization, and he will appear at each performance, rain or shine. 
