Indianapolis Journal April 28 1901
BUFFALO BILL'S SCHOOL
Novel Institution to be Established in the Big Horn Basin. 
It is Intended to Transform the youth of the Effete East Into Genuine Rough Riders.
Special to the Indianapolis Journal 
	Washington, April 27- Gen. E. V. Sumner, former commander of the Department of the Platte and a soldier of the worldwide reputation, has consented to take charge of the new military school of rough riders to be established in the Big Horn basin near Cody, Wyo., by Buffalo Bill and three or four of his New York friends. General Sumner has been made general manager and treasurer, and the school is to teach Eastern youth how to hunt and fish, ride and shoot and the essentials of an absolute military life. In consideration of Sumner's assuming direct and personal supervision of the school "Buffalo Bill and three or four of his friends raised $50,000 and incorporated the school under the laws of New Jersey. General Sumner was in Washington this week in consultation with Colonel Cody, and the details of the buildings to be erected were decided on. It is General Sumner's intention to leave at once for Big Horn basin and commence immediate construction of a mess hall, recitation rooms, barracks and an arena in which the students can ride. Until the completion of the buildings necessary the students will be given the advantage of an outdoor camp life, an order for tents having been sent out this week. General Sumner, in discussing the possibilities of the school, said: 
	"I do not anticipate having many students from the West, because the Western boy gets an early education in shooting and fishing, and, if he lives in the country, becomes an expert rider. But the boys from the East and Europe do not have the advantages of their Western cousins, and I expect to draw largely from the middle States and New England, as well as from England, France, and Germany. When I established a somewhat similar school in Colorado a year ago I had over three thousand applications for places, but the people of Colorado somehow or other did not see the advantage of such a military academy, and it was impossible to get enough money together to put the school of rough riders on a substantial basis. But when the plan was laid before Colonel Cody and I agreed to take charge of the school, Cody sent a telephone message to some of his New York friends and in two hours had an organization and $50,000 subscribed. The one stipulation was that the school should be erected in the Big Horn basin, near the town of Cody, in which Buffalo Bill is vitally interested. Naturally, Omaha will be the depot of supplies. Everything that can possibly be bought will be bought either there or in Cheyenne. 
	"The chief feature of this rough rider school will be to teach a man how to take care of himself. Our scheme will be to teach the young men all the details of rough and unpleasant military life, and the school will be divided into two courses, one of three months and the other extending over an entire year. The tuition will be $300 for the three-months' term and $600 dollars for the year. This will include the carrying out of the curriculum. A horse will be furnished the pupil, guns, and everything, in fact, that a plain and practical solider needs. It does not necessarily follow that these men who are students at the Cody Rough Rider School will enter the army, but it will fit young men to be better able to take care of themselves, and should they decide upon a military life, they will have learned the rugged lesson that is needful." 
	The idea seems to be an excellent one. There was a plentiful lack of such soldierly training among the volunteers at Santiago. Their want of the knowledge of how to take care of themselves in camp and field caused many of them to die of dysentery, homesickness and fret. They had been taught company, regimental and battalion drills, but they found no opportunity to practice these maneuvers. There was no clear parade ground, but instead a narrow road that debouched upon a rough, rugged hillside that afforded no chance for proper company or regimental formations. The straight-line wheels and the break of fours which have elicited such tumultuous applause along Pennsylvania Avenue at inaugurations could not be executed, and in many cases men of the volunteer army were compelled to form Indian file as they laboriously climbed the rugged side of the mountain and to show their proficiency in dodging the bullets of the enemy. While the youth who will enter the Cody School of Rough Riders will have all the advantages of the regulation drills, they will have the still greater advantage of knowing how to take care of themselves in hand-to-hand encounters, to erect and strike the camp, to cook their food, to establish proper systems of sanitation and many other things essential to the soldier and frontiersman. 
	General Sumner, an old Indian fighter himself, and a splendid solider in camp and field, is enthusiastic over the enterprise which he believes in a little while will grow to be one of the greatest military schools in the world. 
