Indianapolis Star September 21, 1914 pg. 8

PROMOTION

CIRCUS ARRIVES FOR “STAND” HERE TODAY

Sells-Floto and Buffalo Bill Show Pitches Tents on West Washington Street Grounds – Parade This Morning

Line of March

From the show grounds, north on Bloomington street to West Michigan, east to Blake street, south to Washington, east to New Jersey, north to Massachusetts avenue, on Massachusetts to Ohio street, west to Capitol avenue, south to Washington, and thence back to show grounds via Blake, Michigan and Bloomington streets.

With all the usual pomp and ceremony the gilded wagons, the troupes of elephants and camels, the shouting of drivers and the hammering of sledges, the Sells-Floto and Buffalo Bill circus arrived in town yesterday morning and with the usual speed of circuses, proceeded to install itself on the West Washington street show grounds. Even before the first small boy had arrived on the scene, hoping to catch an early squint at the lion or carry water for the elephant, the big tent was up and seats were in place for the two performances today, one at 2:15 o’clock and the other at 8:15. 

Buffalo Bill is Attraction

In addition to the usual acrobatic feats, chariot races, antics of the clowns and performances of the sawdust ring, the Sells-Floto cicus bring with it the celebrated Col. W. F. Cody, more familiarly known as Buffalo Bill. Buffalo Bill saw active service in many Indian campaigns and his experiences in fighting the “redskins” were fully as thrilling as any one could imagine. Although he is getting to be an old man, he still possesses a magnificent physique and an unerring eye. 

The corps of clowns is said to be as funny as that of any circus in the business and a number of new comic “stuns” have been arranged. Among the clowns is Frank Stout, an Indianapolis man, who is a graduate of Indiana University,
The parade will cross White River over the Michigan street bridge, because the police believe the temporary West Washington street bridge is already crowded to the limit of its capacity. The parade will leave the grounds at 10:30 o’clock this morning. 
