Indianapolis Star July 9, 1911 pg. 31

PROMOTION

LOCAL WOMAN IS FAMED RIDER

COMING WITH COMBINED SHOW

Mrs. Ray Thompson, Equestrienne With “Buffalo Bill” and “Pawnee Bill,” Was Indianapolis Girl

Among the attractions offered by Col W. F. Cody (Buffalo Bill), when Buffalo Bill’s Wild West and Pawnee Bill’s Far East shows appear in Indianapolis Tuesday, are the equestrian feats of a former Indianapolis woman, Mrs. Ray Thompson, who, with her husband, is noted the world over for daring horseback riding without a bridle.

Mrs. Thompson was formerly Miss Minnie Barnett, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Alonso Barnett, 157 North Illinois street. She entered the circus profession seven years ago, shortly after her marriage to Mr. Thompson. Before that time she had never ridden horses to any great extent. Now she is considered one of America’s leading horsewomen. The horse she will ride Tuesday is Virgil T., a magnificent animal, upon the back of which the former Indianapolis woman lies at full length, without the aid of a bridle rein, while the animal stands straight up on its hind legs. Mrs. Thompson’s favorite photograph shows her in that position.

The coming of Buffalo Bill to Indianapolis Tuesday marks the farewell visit of the grizzled old warrior and exhibitor to the Hoosier capital. At the close of the present season he will retire from the circus arena, it is announced.

To mark his farewell, Col Cody and Maj. Gordon W. Lillie (Pawnee Bill) have united their forces to give to the American public an exhibit covering the globe. Both of the shows have made enviable records and now they will be seen combined in the same arena.
 
MANY RACES REPRESENTED

Representative groups of different races from the far East, 100 Indians from the Western states, cowboys and ranch girls, jugglers from Hindustan, two groups of trained elephants, which play on musical instruments, feats by skilled bucking bronchos, camel caravans, Persian fire worshipers, Asiatic acrobats, Cossacks, Japanese Zouaves, the great Texas horse, Joe Bailey, United States artillery and cavalry, Buffalo Bill shooting from the stirrups and Johnny Baker at the traps are a few of the headliners which the combined shows will display in Indianapolis. 

There will be no street parade. Col. Cody has given no public processions for more than ten years, their fatiguing effect on men, women and horses being such as to affect the exhibition, he argues.

There will be two performances, rain or shine, although spectators will be comfortably housed beneath canvas. The bills for the production declare that the event this year is a fitting festival to celebrate the final salute to his patrons of “Buffalo Bill, the last of the American scouts.”
