Indianapolis Sun June 13 1908

Wild West Show

Buffalo Bill's Great Exhibition of Realism in Early Western Life Will Be Seen in Indianapolis, Monday Afternoon and Night

HORSEMEN OF ALL NATIONS

It was a quarter of a century ago when the country was startled by a novel exploitation of scenes of America's far west that were historic in accuracy the participants being the real thing, and the scenes depicted history it was Buffalo Bill's Wild West.
 
Then it made its notable success for the first time and its visits since have been welcome. Since then its program has been added to by the introduction of numbers germane to historic horsemanship and appropriate to a subject too broad, realistic and colossal in size to be represented in the confines of the stage. The management have yearly added new features and promises the same this season. Nearly all the features presented are those that are fast passing away. In fact, how will the man of a few years hence feel who has never seen the Wild West, when others are telling of what they have learned by the lessons it teaches and the delight that it gave them through its performance?

Buffalo Bill's life as a pioneer scout and guide in the west was filled with romance and all that is thrilling and enthralling. He has with him real Indian chiefs. You may see these at the Wild West, and tell your children about them first hand. 

Col. Cody still leads in the saddle his little army of horsemen and is one of the man who to put it in the vernacular "is a sight for sore eyes." Why? Because of the connection of this man's life with the story of the development of the west, that he reproduces, days of savagery and sanguinary struggles to its present agricultural and general commercial greatness. Born there when it was a misty undefined country, his life was spent as one of the lonely guides who carved tracks in the wilderness. It is now covered with iron rails, justifying an old engineer's remarks that the railroad surveyors followed Bill Cody's trails."

The battle of Summit Springs is reproduced more effectively, and is such a remarkably accurate picture of Indian life and the sanguinary days of the old frontier that it still retains a prominent position.

The troop of trained horses has been added to until the very heights of equine sagacity excels probably anything ever seen in an arena. Annie Schafer, the remarkable bronco lady rider, is again to the fore, surrounded by a band of ranch girls in range and trained horse riding. Miss Ray Thompson on Irma G. ridden without a bridle, is an absolute novelty in equestrianism. Joe Bailey, admitted the best trained horse in the world, does his musical stunts with astonishing pronouncedness. These two horses were sent to London to the Crystal Palace and created such a furor that liberal offers were made to the management for a three-year's tour of Europe, their like having never been seen in the old country, the home of La Cirque. These are Texas horses, and revel where there is plenty of room, which the Wild West arena affords them.

The zouaves have been reinforced to double their numbers; in fact, all the old features have been reinforced. The bucking mule, Maud, after a winter's rest, still raises Cain, and the west has been scoured to secured additional wild bucking broncos.

A really great novelty has been added, in a game of football on horseback. It is of such a strenuous nature that breastplates, knee pads, shin-guards, boots, nose pads are necessary to prevent injury to the animals. The riders are not permitted to touch the ball, and only the horses are permitted to push, shove and kick in its propulsion.

The struggle between Indians and cowboy riders to gain the goals created a tremendous enthusiasm in New York, where the general verdict was that "it was a rouser and Buffalo Bill's Wild West this year is a hummer."

Aside from all the thrilling excitement and pleasurable enjoyment coming from a visit to Buffalo Bill's Wild West and World's Rough Riders there is, in addition, a vast fund of valuable information and knowledge to be derived. This is of especial value to the rising generation, for many children who now may attend will live to tell of what they saw at this wonderful exhibition when many of the strongest features have passed away forever. The Indian, as a race, fast is becoming extinct, the occupation of the cowboys is becoming less and less needful every year, bucking broncos and ponies will soon not be available. As an ethnological exhibition this gathering of the most skilled riders of many nations never has had an equal. It can only be appreciated by being seen, and one visit whets the appetite for repeated opportunities to see the world's best exhibition.

No parade will be given on Monday, as the efforts of men and horses will be reserved to insure a spirited exhibition. The Wild West will exhibit twice on Monday, at 2 and 8 p. m. The show will arrive from St. Louis. Sunday about noon.
