Indianapolis Journal Oct. 16 1902
ROUGH RIDING ENJOYED. 
The rough riding was a feature that was a revelation to the spectators. The riding was all qualifying. The contest opened with Steve Girandot on the rope horse. This animal is indispensable in a contest of this character. He is broken to stand still and hold the obstreperous broncos that do not want to be bothered. The tether rope is fastened to the pommel of his saddle, and during the afternoon he performed most heroic service without indications of discomfort. The first horse brought in was a big bay, which fell to the lot of Bert Eardsley. He bucked, but not so hard as he was expected to. Eardsley did not seem to get started right, and his work was not up to his standard. The second horse was branded "H O," indicating that whoever branded him was sorry he had taken that trouble, as the horse was a rank outlaw. Harry Brennan got him, and made one of his creditable rides, which he ended by going over the horse's head as he stumbled. Austin Cochran got Tanglefoot, who bucked a plunged and gave the spectators much opportunity to shout. Finally Cochran overcame him and after the horse had run into the fence, rubbed a telegraph pole and tried to bite Cochran's legs, and rode him back to the judges. 
Bill Conners, the Texan, let a wild whoops out of his mouth when "You Just Watch Me" carried him away with the worst bucking that had been seen. Conners had a perfect saddle, a good mount and a good ride up to the points where he thought the horse was going to switch, and he seized the saddle, costing him ten points. But Conners stirred up the spectators by his wild ride. 
Otis Jackson got a gray stranger which bucked a little bit and then quit. C. E. Bruce drew Ping Pong, who tried to break her back in a five minutes' endeavor to shake Bruce off. Jack Joyce, from Montana, drew Apollinaris, who was not a test for his skill. Joyce came to the contest from St. Louis. He was not originally entered, but as the class was open to the world he was admitted. Joyce was for eight years the star cowboy of the Buffalo Bill show, and he gave an exhibition of rope throwing in the arena between the bucking rides. 
