Indianapolis Sun June 12 1908

THE BATTLE OF SUMMIT SPRINGS

Indian Warfare to Be Reproduced With Buffalo Bill's Wild West When It Comes to Indianapolis, Monday.

REALISTIC MIMIC BATTLE

The principal feature with Buffalo Bill's Wild West this season is a reproduction of the battle of Summit Springs, one of the deciding conflicts in the government's task of subduing the redskin. Col. William F. Cody ("Buffalo Bill") participated in the original battle on July 11, 1869, at Summit Springs, near the western border of Nebraska. In this battle Chief Tall Bull, who was in command of the renegade Indians, or "Dog Soldiers," as they were called, was shot and killed at a distance of about 40 yards, by Buffalo Bill, who shot him from his horse. This important incident will, of course, be reproduced as a part of the realistic mimic battle. Gen. E. A. Carr, who was in command of the government forces; Gen. E. M. Hayes, Gen. William .P. Hall, and other officers who participated in the original battle, are still alive and will be impersonated in the battle scene in the Wild West.

Incidental to the battle scene will be shown many interesting features of Indian life; the erection of an Indian village will be shown, and incidents of Indian camp life will be faithfully depicted. The attack by the troops under Gen. Carr will constitute a stirring scene and the rigors of war will be dramatically illustrated. The Battle of Summit Springs, while the chief feature of the exhibition, will by no means constitute the only scene of western life. There will also be The Great Train Hold-Up, showing one of many scenes of lawlessness which have followed the westward march of civilization, and there will be A Holiday at T-E Ranch, in which scene there will be blended the pleasures and pastimes of the plainsmen with the horrors of an Indian attack upon the whites.

The three big scenic features will be of exceptional interest because of their historic correctness and because of their value as replicas of scenes taken from an eventful period in our nation's past. The exhibitions of horsemanship by the Bough Rider contingent will form a novel and interesting section of the program and at every performance Buffalo Bill will be in the saddle directing the entertainment and participating therein.

The Wild West show will be in Indianapolis Monday afternoon and night.

