Indianapolis Sun May 5 1899
Solemn and Silent
Cossacks and Indians Rode Through the Streets After Leaving their Berths on Buffalo Bill's Train - The United States Cavalrymen Alone Seemed to be Enjoying Life
In the early morning light, Friday, a strange procession was seen traveling westward on Was5hingron-st. It was the sleepy 200 members of Buffalo Bill's "Congress of rough riders," which came up from Madison, early Friday morning, and unloaded from its special train at McCarly St. and Madisen Ave. The swarthy plainsmen were dressed in the costume of the Wild West, the Indians were wrapped in their blankets, while the Arabs and Cossacks peeped from their wild-looking cloaks. It was not a jolly crowd. The Indians said nothing. The Cossacks looked grim. An Arab occasionally muttered something to his traveling companion. Only the United States troopers seemed awake, and conscious. A dashing cavalryman winked at the pretty restaurant girls as he rode along. But the entire cavalcade regained its spirits when the show grounds were reached and the appetizing smell of coming breakfast began to be sniffed. Amid the clatter of tent poles and yelling of "hustlers" the imperturbable chief went tranquilly on with his preparations for the morning repast. It's a lot of work those people do between supper and breakfast, and they usually have an appetite for all meals.

Col. Cody's followers travel in specially made sleepers, in which the berths are small, but comfortable, tiers along the sides of the cars. The colonel's own car is attached to the end of the train "Buffalo Bill" shares all the roughness of the life. But he takes great care of himself, and is still as hardy as a man of 35, though well up in the Sixties.

Probably the most interesting of the colonel's followers are the 16 "Rough riders." who were with Wood and Roosevelt at San Juan. The troops under command of Sergeant G. A. "Webb, and consists of two men from Troop L, two from Troop K and 12 from Troop D. These men were by side at the memorable storming of San Juan Hill. The two troopers from L are Thomas J. Isbell and Joe Kline. Isbell was the man who fired the first shot, and who received seven bullets, with the compliments of the Spaniards, as a memento. Isbell has Indian blood in his veins, and was one of the western members of the "Rough Riders," having joined from Vinila. Indian Territory. The San Juan occurrence was described to a Sun reporter by Kline, Friday morning.

"On the morning of June 24," he said, "we marched over the hills from Siboney. As we approached San Juan, members of infantry companies who had preceded us warned us to look out as they had heard the Spaniards at work before them all night. We were scouting in open order about 15 feet apart. Suddenly a Spaniard showed himself. Isbell raised his gun to his shoulder, and, without speaking, turned around to the sergeant, who nodded. Then he fired. Instantly the thicket ahead belched bullets and Isbell fell with four beneath his skin. A second volley followed and he got three more. Two went into the back of his head, two in his neck, two in his hand and on in the fleshy part of his thigh. None were serious, only the thumb being broken. Isbell remained on the field for some time afterward."

Kline himself was wounded in the same engagement. A bullet passed into his leg at the knee and came out just below the hip, splitting his leg open like the well-cooked drumstick of a chicken. He objected to amputation and thinks it saved his life, as many whose limbs were being taken off for similar wounds were dying in the Hospitals.

Three full-blooded Filipinos are with the company. Two of these are .small, beardless men and the other is a stunted woman. She is the wife of one of the men. An attempt was made in New York, recently, to convert these three to Christianity, but it failed to arouse much interest in their breasts. They were dressed, Friday morning, in faded American garb, the woman wearing a calico dress and riding astride of her pony.

About two dozen Indians, including four squaws and two papooses, travel with Col. Cody's aggregation. The savages are all full-blooded Sioux. They say little. Jim Grass, the interpreter, a Carlisle graduate, does the talking. Many of them are educated and civilized, but they prefer the dress and manners of their ancestors to civilized life and live as nearly like them as possible. The seer of the tribe is Flat Iron, a wrinkled old chief, supposed to be close to 100 but how old neither he himself, nor anyone else, can tell.

Seven bison, or American buffaloes, were grazing on the circus campus, Friday morning, in charge of a cowboy. A calf, six months old, was with the herd, but Buffalo Bill had it returned to his ranch in the west. The others gored it and annoyed it because it was smaller.

By 10 o'clock, Friday morning, all the tents had been erected and the troopers were ready for the street parade.

