Indianapolis Journal May 5 1899
BUFFALO BILL TO-DAY 
Parade and Show by the Congress of Rough Riders. 
Buffalo Bill" (Col. W. F. Cody) will today give two performances of his Rough Riders of the World at the grounds by the river, on West Washington Street. The huge show was to arrive here at daylight from Madison and to come in in three sections. The performances will be given, rain or shine, for the Rough Riders of the World pay no attention to a little thing like the weather. The street parade will be given at 9:30 and will pass over the principal downtown streets. 

The show comes here fresh from a great triumph at Louisville, where enormous crowds turned out to welcome Colonel Cody and his riders. The show this year is the most complete that Colonel Cody has ever presented, and small boys with bald heads. as well as email boys with knee trousers, turn out and trudge- to the performances, both in an equally happy manner, and both whoop and yell with the same vigor when the riders come in. 

Just as Colonel Cody presented the picture of Custer's last fight to thousands of people, so he will present the fight on San Juan hill by men who were participants in that famous charge. 

Tom Isbel, who has been chronicled by War Correspondent Edward Marshal as the man who saw and shot the first Spaniard in that engagement, will be one of the conspicuous participants in this mimic engagement, He fell soon afterward, punctured by seven Mauser bullets. Sergt. Gerald A. Webb, Walter M. Cook and McGinty are also among the heroes of the Santiago right who will be seen in the arena, and the historic features of the Wild West are not subordinated to this recent historical event. But the scope of this enterprise is not bounded by time or distance, and the World's Rough Riders., Arab, Cossacks, the cavalrymen of the great military nations of Europe, the plainsmen of South America, as well as the Caucasus are all gathered together in one aggregation, and to make complete this list of Rough Riders of the World there will be horsemen from Cuba, Porto Rico, Hawaii and the Philippines.
