Indianapolis Sun June 8 1908 pg. 2

An exciting and engaging scene to be presented here June 15 with Buffalo Bill's Wild West will be the Great Train Hold-up in which the methods employed by train robbers will be illustrated in minute detail. Furthermore, the details of bandit hunting will be fully shown. Ever since the Union Pacific stretched its tracks westward to connect with the shores of the Pacific Ocean, train robberies have been a menace to life and property.

The problem of effectually coping with these desperadoes has long been unsolved, until the Union Pacific established a posse of bandit hunters, equipped with a special car, and ready at call to be transported to a scene of depredation. After a few experiences with the bandit hunters, train - robbing became so hazardous that the lawless westerner finally almost entirely abandoned the occupation. Thus as a passing scene, typical of the development of the west, Buffalo Bill presents a realistic train hold-up. A practical engine, drawing a practical train, forms the important fact factor in the hold-up. The methods of the train robber are realistically depicted and as a climax to the scene the bandit hunters of the Union Pacific appear to visit retribution upon the desperados. But the Great Train Hold-Up is not the only typical western scene which is shown with Buffalo Bill's exhibition. There will be "The Battle of Summit Springs, reproducing one of the deciding conflicts in Indian warfare a battle in which Buffalo Bill originally took part; there will be a realistic attack upon a n emigrant train and there will be "A Holiday at T-E Ranch," which will depict scenes of ranch life and will show the pastimes of the plainsmen when they "take a day off."

Contrasted with the scene of revelry will come an Indian attack upon the pleasure seekers, and one of the many scenes of brutal Indian treachery which made the plainsman's life one of constant peril, will be re-enacted. There will be other equally interesting features presented, making Buffalo Bill's Wild West an entertainment of exceptional interest.
