Indianapolis Sentinel April 29, 1885 pg. 5
[Buffalo Bill Wild West advertisement, contains graphic of Buffalo Bill] 
BUFFALO BILL.
The Entertainment Yesterday at the State Fair Grounds-- Last Exhibition To day.
Hon. W. F. Cody's "Wild West" gave an exhibition yesterday afternoon at the Fair Grounds to over 2,000 delighted spectators. There is a general opinion that this last enterprise of Buffalo Bill is but a tame and imperfect attempt at representing frontier life and the daring exploits enacted by the advance guard of American civilization. This is not the case. True, a mere representation is not the reality, but it would be difficult, short of the actual experience, to gain a more vivid and accurate idea of the hazards and habits of Western life than by this wonderful presentation. With a collection of the most celebrated Indian ch'eftains and scouts, together with numerous bands of Indians, cowbovs and musicians, this gentleman is enabled to give to the public an exhibition of fancy shooting, sham battles, equestrian skill and peculiar sports indulged in by those people far surpassing anything ever before produced by him.
The expert shooting of Mr. Cody while riding at full speed excelled any of his former efforts in this city and elicited much applause. The fancy rifle work of Billy, the Kid of North Platte, as that of the young lady, were wonderful. The historical stagecoach, with driver and outguard men who had long been in actual service, attacked by Indians in ambush, and repulsed by cowboys and Mexicans, presented a scene full of excitement. The several races; lassoing the buffalo, elk and wild steers, were interesting features, but none so amusing as the efforts of the expert riders to mount several "bucking" bronchos that have always refused being ridden. These obstinate little creatures are not trained to make a showing of wrath, but simply have never been sufficiently conquered to be of service as saddle horses. To this moment we have a kindly pity for the cowboys who made futile attempts to ride "Dynamite" and "Suicide," two of this unruly number.
As a whole the rich, gaudy trappings, tent, Indians, cowboys, Mexicans, ponies, cattle and buffalo, present a most picturesque scene and one strikingly similar to genuine frontier life.
This instructive and amusing programme will be repeated this afternoon at 2 o'clock. 
