Indianapolis Monroes Iron Clad Age February 20, 1886 pg. 4
The Two Sams
The Chicago Times must go to perdition for irreverence. Pending the advent of those holy messengers of the lord, the two Sams, into Chicago, the Times, after referring to the various attractions of the great city, in a vein of ungodliness that almost curdles blood, said: 
"Nevertheless, another amusement enterprise is about to take the field in Chicago. 
"So it has been decided by a company of 'evangelical preachers' that met, the other day, in a down-town hotel to 'consider the desirability' of presenting to the amusement-loving public a couple of 'stars' of the comic religious drama, called 'The Two Sams.'
" 'The Two Sams' are not the same as 'The Two Dromios' of Shakespere and resemble them only in being two low comedians that are much alike in their style and method. They are 'Sam' Jones and 'Sam' Small. They are star performers in what may be called the sensational evangelical drama, or (better, perhaps) the evangelical opera comique. Not setting up as rivals of Robson and Crane, they are advertised as even excelling that comic pair in certain 'character parts,' as the theater people say. Somehow, American theater-goers have always shown a liking for the 'character actors,' and especially for the clowns of the stage that personate the phenomenal raw Irishman, the miraculous Deutschman, the conventional Yankee, and other known monstrosities. Doubtless this is why such wandering 'stars' as Buffalo Bill and other notable performers of the supernatural have generally drawn full houses. And this, there is also not much room for doubt, accounts for the popularity of the two Sams.
"Again, what is there is slang, in cow-boy modes of speech, and in frontier manners that is more offensive to good taste or good morals than the slang-whang style of vituperation and slander that draws full houses to so many of the so-called evangelical places of amusement? If a preacher who is hired by the year may render the house of god a more popular place of amusement by lying and slandering the neighbor, why may not a traveling star of the evangelical comedy, who contracts his services for 'the season,' do the same by a display of religious buffoonery that introduces in place of falsehood and slander the style, manners and slang of the frontier?
"Probably it is in the nature of the theatrical business that it tends to the star system, and in the nature of the sensational drama that it tends to produce star performers of the dime novel style. The modern tendency to revive the ancient religious drama,  adapted, however, to the requirements of what goes by the name of evangelism, contains in its nature the same tendency. The appearance in the evangelical firmament of a multitude of star comedians, by such appellations as 'Sam' and 'Si' and 'Cap' and 'Boy Preacher', &c., is as natural and inevitable as the appearance of the Buffalo Bills, the Tony Pastors and other notables of the spectacular melodrama. Their place in religion corresponds to that of the Buffalo Bills in art, to that of the Josh Billingses in literature, to that of the Tom Ochiltrees and Pat Kellys in politics. They are the natural offspring of vitiated and corrupt conditions in the field that they illuminate with a light that amuses but degrades." 

