Indianapolis Sentinel April 26, 1885 pg. 8
Buffalo Bill's "Wild West." 
Next Tuesday and Wednesday afternoon, at the State Fair Grounds, the famous Buffalo Bill "Wild West" show will exhibit. It has been greatly augmented since last seen here, and now contains twice the number of border attractions ever before exhibited in this city. We are assured by those who have seen it the present season that it is all that is represented in its bills and pictures. Among the border celebrities with this combination are W. F. Cody (Buffalo Bill); of whom we all know, Buck Taylor, king of the cowboys, Utah Frank and his Indian family, W. H. Tucker, of North Platt, Seth Hathaway, the pony express rider, White Bear, chief medicine man of the Winnebago Sioux, Bill Bullock, Fred Matthews, Captain Bogardus and sons and a host of others. 
There will be the famous stagecoach scene, and enough other stirring fights to give us a fair idea of the Wild West life. An exchange from Boston speaks thus of "Bill" and his show: In response to an invitation from Mr. Burke, the genial manager of the "Wild West," about twenty representatives of the Boston press assembled Monday at the Herald office and were speedily conveyed in landaus to Beaton Park, which, this week, presents the appearance of a Western prairie. A rib roast was served in true Indian style, pointed stakes served for both plane and table. The party were escorted over the encampment after dinner and introduced to the various celebrities. 
No lover of the human race, no man with an eye for the picturesque, but must have enjoyed the very sight of these pioneers of civilization. Never was a finer picture of American manhood presented than when Buffalo Bill stepped out to show the capabilities of the Western teamster's whip. Tall beyond the lot of ordinary mortals, straight as an arrow, not an ounce of useless flesh upon his limbs, but every muscle firm and hard as the sinews of a stag, with the frank, kindly eye of a devoted friend, and a natural courtly grace of manner which would become Marshal of France, Buffalo Bill is from spurs to sombrero one of the finest types of manhood this continent has ever produced. Those who have expected to meet the class of men usually engaged in the circus or variety business must have been pleasantly surprised in these genuine sons of the plains, every one of which was stamped with the natural easy grace and courtesy of manner which marks the man who is born a gentleman. 
The Wild West is one of the best entertainments ever given here: the programme is as accurate as a photograph of Western life, including an Indian attack upon a stage coach, herding of cattle, an elk hunt, horse races, and some most marvelous exhibitions of riding and shooting. It is worth a trip to the prairies to the prairies to see the shooting of Captain Bogardus the riding of Buffalo Bill.
