Indianapolis News May 21 1901 pg. 2
THERE WAS BUFFALO BILL.
But He was Riding in a Stylish Rig-then Came the Indians 
	It seemed as if about half of the inhabitants had some down-town this forenoon, regardless of rain, "just to do a little shopping,", or "to take Johnny to see the parade," but these same inhabitants dropped all attempts at subterfuge and scurried about the streets from one vantage point to the next, wherever a good-view might be obtained of the heterogeneous medley of men in the parade of the Buffalo Bill Wild West show. Many persons had encamped in Washington street, between Illinois and Meridian, but on account of the torn up condition of the car tracks the parade turned south in Illinois street, and it was due only to the sleuthlike instinct of the small boy that it was finally rediscovered in North Illinois. 
	The bicycle police, looking very tame and ordinary, came first, followed by a drum and fire corps, and then by Col. Cody in a stylish rig, rather to the disappointment of the small boy, who had fondly anticipated that he would see the colonel in a life and death struggle with the untamed mustang. But some Indians came along just then and the grief of the small boy was forgotten in admiration of the wonderful complexions of the wandering red men, no two alike. 
	The Boers and the English soldier attracted much attention by reason of the notoriety they had recently gained in their unkind quarrels in the Boer's back yard, but the Boers had rather the better of the attention because their big hats and beards made them look fascinatingly like their pictures, and they could easily be identified. The Cossacks were commented on freely, for it is generally understood by the public that their milk of human kindness has turned sour, and they high saddles seem a never-ending source of interest, though, as one man remarked in the crowd: "If they want camels, why don't they get them, and not try to make a camel out of a horse."
	The flowing robes of the Turks seemed to hold considerable fascination with their suggestion of concealing numerous very long and very sharp knives, but when it was discovered that this bulkiness of garb was produces by concealed "gum coats", the fascination faded. The mounted brass band was an innovation that took well, especially as the music that was thus jolted out was rather good quantity, and the band in the wagon was slighted. No one in the parade seemed to mind the rain much, but the members of the life-saving crew minded it least of all, as all they had to do was to sit in their boat on a wagon, hold their oars up straight and stiff and smile upon the rest of the world from the security of "slickers" and "sou'westers."
	No attention was paid to the dampness at this afternoon's performance and the regular performance will be given to-night, no matter what the weather may be. 
Accident at Terre Haute. TERRE HAUTE, Ind., May 21,-During the Buffalo Bill Wild West performance yesterday afternoon, while the artillery squad was -giving an exhibition of rapid firing, there was a premature discharge, which hurled James Myerly many feet away, tearing off one hand at the wrist, and inflicting other injuries. A splinter struck him in the throat, barely missing his windpipe, and his eyes were powder-burned. Myerly is attached to the cavalry company, but three artillerists were accidentally left at St. Louis, and he was serving as a substitute. The regular gun squad is drawn from the Fifth United States Artillery. Edwin Jones, also attached to the squad, was badly powder-burned and several others were slightly hurt. Myerly's recovery is doubtful.
