Indianapolis Journal May 22 1901 
GREAT WILD WEST SHOW 
Col. Cody's Entertainment Larger And Better Than Ever 
Fully Twenty Thousand People Saw the Two Performances Splendid Features. 

The presence in the city of the great Buffalo Bill Wild West Show was made known early yesterday morning by the blare of trumpets and the sounding of bugles, heralding the passage through the principal streets of the striking pageant that is such a prominent feature of this famous amusement organization. The parade created a sensation, showing plainly as it did that Colonel Cody had brought to Indianapolis the best show of his entire career and the best Wild West show ever seen here. 
The afternoon and night performances drew crowds Just like those seen at a circus. The big tent is said to hold twelve thousand people when it is filled. If this be true, then twenty-five thousand people saw Buffalo Bill's show yesterday in this city, for the seating capacity was not great enough to accommodate the audience at the night performance. A noteworthy feature of Colonel Cody's organization is the admirable manner in which it handles even the largest crowds. Not a complaint of rude treatment was heard at either performance yesterday. There were plenty of polite ushers who understood their duties perfectly, and the seating of the people was accomplished with as little confusion as is observed in a theater. 
The performance began with what might be termed a "parade of rough riders of the world," and this was an Imposing and beautiful international spectacle. Mounted men of almost every nation and tribe on earth, to the number of several hundred, dashing recklessly up and massing themselves beneath the glare of the electric search lights, each group bearing its national flag, presented a picture that will not soon be forgotten. After the dissolving of this spectacle the program proceeded rapidly and without a single hitch. Miss Annie Oakley gave a remarkable exhibition of fancy rifle shooting, the more remarkable last night because the sighting of the gun had to be done in the unnatural glare of a search light. A thrilling performance was given by a detachment of Company B, Fifth United States Artillery, showing exactly how a cannon is brought on to the field of action, put into position, loaded and fired. A number of cowboys demonstrated the old-fashioned method of carrying the mail by "pony express." The exhibition of lasso throwing and rope manipulation given by a Mexican vaquero was received with enthusiastic applause. Johnnie Baker displayed his proficiency with a rifle by doing some difficult and rapid shooting that could scarcely be excelled. Mr. Baker provoked unbounded enthusiasm when he broke "puffballs" with his gun while he stood on his head. A troop of Arabian acrobats furnished fifteen minutes of extremely sensational feats performed on the bare ground. During the entire time the act continued a whirling Dervish kept up his bewildering gyrations on a circular platform in the center of the field. 
A new feature of the show, and one that made a decided hit, was the life-saving crew brought from Sandy Hook and Monmouth Beach. These men illustrated the method of rescuing people from a wrecked vessel by shooting a life-line out of a cannon and with this as a basis rigging up a rope to support an aerial "carrier." A band of Cossacks gave an exhibition of rough riding such as has never been attempted in a circus. The familiar feature of Indians racing on ponies, cowboys picking up objects from the ground while riding at full speed and the Indian village and war dance pleased quite as much as the, first time they were ever shown. A series of beautiful evolutions were performed by a troop of United States cavalrymen. Then came the ever popular stagecoach act, in which a band of Indians was put to ignominious rout by a band of cowboys and scouts, led by the redoubtable Buffalo Bill in person. Colonel Cody sits a horse with as much apparent ease as he ever did. And it is a notable charger that is used by this prince of scouts and showmen. The distinguished Indian fighter then gave his famous exhibition of rifle shooting, done from the back of a horse dashing at top speed around the field. Advancing age has made necessary the use of spectacles, but the eyes behind the glasses are just as true as ever. The last act before the closing spectacle was a buffalo hunt. In which a herd of real buffaloes was employed. Just prior to the exciting episode of "The Capture of Peking." with which the entertainment concluded, there was a brilliant assemblage of troops of "the allied powers" before the walls of the Chinese capital, in which the men marching beneath the stars and stripes and the British flag came in for prolonged applause. The attack on the city was spirited, and formed a fine ending for a uniformly good performance.
