Indianapolis Star September 20, 1914 pg. 15

PROMOTION

COMING HERE WITH CIRCUS TOMORROW

Out of the dark there came to town this morning three long trains of (unknown) queerly painted trains. Out of the dawn there came also men who leaped from the platforms almost before the brakeshoes had accomplished their tasks who ran forward who lit torches and hurried about to the order of shouting bosses. There came also hulking form which hurried down the runways from the big box cars and started on their lumbering journey toward the circus lot. These all belong to the Sells-Floto Circus and Buffalo Bill (himself), the last circus of the season. 
Two performances will be given tomorrow at the West Washington street lot.

As for the happenings today on the big lot on West Washington street there will be many. The most important of all is the work of putting up the show. The Sells-Floto Circus has grown to such an extent that the machinery has taken the place of men in many respects. For instance, the tents and the poles instead of being sent into the air by men or (unknown) shot upward by a great (unknown) (unknown) spool.
 
Bill Curtis is known as the ‘wizard of the circus’ For he has not only invented machinery for raising and lowering the canvas and poles but has also invented seating arrangements which can not fall and has perfected a system of steel cables so (unknown) that it is impossible for the tent to blow down, even in the most severe storm. It is through his efforts that the circus has come to be known as the “safety first” circus. 

But that pertains only to the happening of today. Tomorrow there will come the blare of the bands the hew haw of the clowns the trumpeting of the elephants and everything else which should go to the making up of the biggest circus in the world. And of course, that will mean a parade. 

It will be done at 10:30 o clock and will traverse the usual parade route over the downtown streets. The parade will be led by Col. William Frederick Cody (Buffalo Bill). Two performances to be given tomorrow at (unknown) o’clock in the afternoon and another at 8:15 in the evening. The prices are to be the same as ever, a general admission of 25 cents.
