Indianapolis Journal, 9 May 1896 (1)
DARING ROUGH RIDERS MAGNIFICENT HORSEMANSHIP AT BUFFALO BILL'S WILD WEST. 
Mexicans that Lasso, Cossacks with Remarkable Riding Tricks and Other Interesting Sights. 
There was any amount of excitement In store yesterday for the small boy who wanted to see real Indians, as many as a hundred of them in one band, cowboys, buffalos and all the things that tell of the American frontier life, now becoming so rapidly extinct. Buffalo Bill's Wild West show, which Is one of the greatest exhibitions that ever traveled, was encamped for a two days' stay on the old circus grounds across the river, and in the morning an extensive street parade was given through the down-town streets. "The Congress of Rough Riders of the World" Is also a part of the appellation by which. Col. W. F. Cody's entertainment is known, and while it has a very highfalutin ring, 'the show fully justifies it, for it furnishes a magnificent display of daring horsemanship. There is a considerable divergence from circus lines in these feats, as they represent classes of people in their natural occupations and lives and not professionals trained merely' for exhibition purposes. The immense conical circus tent has been abandoned, as one would not permit the necessary area and clear field for the riding. Instead there is a spacious field surrounded by a quadrilateral of seats, with canvas above the spectators only, and the blue sky to canopy the performers. For the night performance electric arc lights are strung around the enclosure, the show carrying a complete portable electric plant. There were between four and five hundred riders in the field yesterday, all of them picturesque. -characters, from the cowboy of the. American plains to the odd Cossacks, who took even more imminent risks than the others. Colonel Cody himself appeared and was not the least picturesque figure there, his stalwart, graceful form seeming to mold itself to the horse he rode. No Sioux Indian rode easier than Buffalo Bill, whose long wavy hair is now beginning to take on the shades of gray, although the man's eye is yet as keen as in the days when he pursued Indians sure enough. The group of Cossacks, tall, lithe men -whose long gowns embarrassed them not at all, attracted a great deal of attention," While riding their horses at a terrific gait, these men would swing low' to the ground, suspend themselves by one foot from the high saddle and dangle their arms between the hind legs of the horses. Some of them showed the position in which Mazeppa is supposed to have been bound. The Riffian Arabs also exhibited feats of thrilling riding, but to a horseman's eye their prettiest work was in their sharp control of their steeds. The Mexicans dashed into the enclosure while the cowboy band played a favorite Mexican serenade. The remarkable, lasso throwing of these 'greasers" was" a novelty to the crowd and the 'accuracy with which they threw the long,, looped rope while dashing at full speed, or while the horses were cavorting or plunging around, won the men much applause. It was no trick at all for one of the Mexicans to throw a lasso underneath and around the four legs of a horse as it sped by him and several neat tricks of hurling the lasso. Overhead were shown. The cowboys had their fun in picking objects from the ground, lassoing wild horses and riling the "buckers." Colonel Cody carries a number of unbroken broncos with him and they are used for no other purpose than to give the cowboys an opportunity to show how realistic a performance of this kind can be made. There was no ''put on" about it and each cowboy that tried to mount one of the broncos did so at a risk to life and limb, but the men are accustomed to thl3 sort of danger, and with muscles hardened like steel, found themselves able to keep their mounts. One man had a close escape from falling under a pony that tried viciously to throw him. The old Dead wood coach, a historical vehicle In which many people were killed in the days when travel between Deadwood and Cheyenne was extremely perilous, was brought out and applauded. An attack on the coach by the Indians followed and a half hundred naked braves grotesquely covered with paint of various hues, howled and dashed about the old vehicle. The military musical drill, in which participated a detachment from the Seventh U. S. Cavalry from Fort Riley, one from the Fifth Royal Irish Lancers, one of French Dragoons and one of the German Cuirassiers, was one of the prettiest thing3 of its kind ever shown. These men are not canvasmen dressed up for the occasion, but are regularly enlisted men. One of -them in the United States troop is Corporal Weinert, who wears a medal presented to him bv Congress for conspicuous bravery at the battle of Wounded Knee. The evolutions of the troops were correct as to military tactics. The men have all been picked for their ability in horsemanship and as they swept down the field at a fast speed It seemed that the whole cavalry would sweep into the spectators, but so finely drilled were they that they wheeled their horses about almost within a foot of the ropes that separated the field from the seats. The buffalo hunt was another realistic scene. Colonel Cody has a dozen or so of these very rare animals. He himself gave an exhibition of sharp-shooting while riding at full speed and the immense crowd showed its admiration for the man by giving him a very liberal applause. Miss Annie Oakley and Johnny Baker also displayed accomplished feats in this line. In the grand round-up which concluded the performance. Running Deer, an old Indian chief, fell under his horse and had to be carried from the field. It was .feared his leg was broken, but an examination showed that no bones suffered. Back In the quarters of the men who travel with the show a number of interesting things are to be ascertained. There are a number of characters among the members of the Irish Lancers and the German Cuirassiers. Some of the Irishmen have seen revolve In the British army in India. "Buffalo Bill's" Wild West is certainly one of the great institutions in the American entertainment field and the advertising claims for it are not exaggerated. There will be two performances to-day, one in the afternoon and the other at 8 o' cock in the evening. The evening performance will not be curtailed in the least as the men do not have the difficult labor which ordinary showmen have in removing immense canvas top.
