Indianapolis Journal March 5 1894 pg. 5
WAIF OF THE PLAINS
The Girl for Whom Buffalo Bill Boxed Fred May's Ears. 
The Famous Scout Found Her in the Wild West, Saw to Her Education and Debut in London. 
NEW YORK. March 4. The story of how Colonel Cody (Buffalo Bill) came to take a fatherly interest in Miss Kathrine Clemmons, the actress, on whose account he assaulted Fred May in Washington the other day, reads like one of Gustave Aimard's wild romances of the border. Kathrine Clemmons is the young lady's stage name, though in California society she was known as Viola Dayan, and she has been making a hit in the larger cities of the Eastern States by starring as Nina in "A Lady of Venice," a play said to have been written by Rev. Mr. Troughton, an obscure English clergyman. Her success as a star, however, is not connected with this May-Cody war, but the romance of her life as it has been told in print most certainly is. 
According to the tale told by the San Francisco Examiner Miss Clemmons Is descended from an old military family, for generations identified with the history of the country. Sometime after the close of the civil war her father, an officer of the army, was sent to the frontier to fight the Indians. His young wife followed him to his post, and their two daughters were born. During a movement of the troops, on which the rattling officer had taken his baby girl, but left his wife and elder daughter behind, his command was surprised by a bond of old Sitting Bull's warriors. This was on the Deadwood and Chamberlain trail, in the bluffs of yellow clay, which half conceal a single ford crossing the southern branch of the Big Cheyenne. 
This is in the northwestern corner of what is now North Dakota. The Indians swooped down on Clemmons's command and massacred right and left. "Buffalo Bill" Cody was then chief of the United States scouts. About sunrise one morning he was leading a column along the Deadwood trail when he came upon the wreck of a wagon an army ambulance. The scalped and mutilated bodies of the officer in command and several troopers were found nearby. 
Attracted by a child's cry. Cody searched the ambulance and found a little girl, unharmed, but badly frightened. This girl was Kathrine Clemmons. Her father was the dead officer lying beside the trail. From papers in the ambulance Cody learned the child's name He took her up in his arms and cared for her until he could restore her to her mother. For years afterwards he watched with solicitous regard the career of the child which had come to him as a waif of the desert. 
Mrs. Clemmons came to California, and in time married again, her husband being J. W. Dayan, head of the stationery department of the Southern Pacific Company. For a time they lived In Oakland, where they had the entree of the- most exclusive Jackson-street society. There the two daughters were educated and made their social debut. The eldest daughter married Charles B. Overacker, a prominent orchardist of Niles, and she is now one of the leaders of Alameda county society. 
The younger girl, the one who had been so romantically thrown upon the protection of the great frontiersmen, had an ambition for the stage. She studied for some time in San Francisco, and then essayed a first appearance at the Grand Opera House. The erratic George Wessels was engaged as her leading support, and Harry McDowell took charge of the management. 
On the night of the performance the great house was crowded with people of social position in San Francisco and Oakland. Wessels went off in a tantrum and refused to appear, so Manager McDowell was forced to lisp through the role, reading from the book. 
Miss Dayan was then an unusually handsome girl, tall, lithe and excellently molded. She had, too, the rare knack of wearing clothes to the best advantage. But though showered with flowers and applause, the debutante felt from the performance that she was far from qualified to achieve the dramatic success to which she aspired. She recognized that years of study were necessary, and she posted oft to London to seek tuition in the best schools. 
One day while Buffalo Bill was at the height of his London success, hobnobbing with the Prince of Wales and patronized by the gallants of England, a tall, blonde young woman walked into his hippodrome. "I am Kathrine Clemmons," she said, "the girl you saved from the Indians at the ford of the Big Cheyenne." Cody's fatherly interest in the girl was at once aroused. He advised her as to her Instructors, helped her socially and saw to it that she had proper chaperonage. After she felt that she was in a positon to attempt the achievement of histrionic fame he backed her with his money. 
She adopted the name of her childhood as her stage name, and, after making something of a hit In England in Shakespearean roles, she came to America with "A Lady of Venice," opening In Baltimore. Colonel Cody saw her safely in the hands of her mother and sister, who went on from California to witness her triumph. 
Having won the other cities, Miss Clemmons essayed New York, and is now playing a successful engagement at the Roadway Theater. In this city it is supposed that some Insult which the Irascible May offered the young actress whom Cody had practically made his ward caused the latter to lose his temper and slap the offender's face. 
