Indianapolis News May 9 1896 pg 6
THE WILD WEST CONGRESS
What is Done at Its "Sessions" - The Different Riders
Buffalo Bill's Wild West Congress of Rough Riders Is "in session" in Indianapolis it met for the first time yesterday afternoon on the circus grounds in West Washington street, with seven thousand spectators. Last night there was nearly double that number. This afternoon immense crowds attended, and tonight the congress will hold its last session in this city. Here, as in New York and in European cities where Buffalo Bill has appeared, society people and professional men were numerous among the spectators. There were many social gatherings, so to speak, on the reserved benches. General Harrison and some friends are to go out tonight.
The exhibition is given in an uncovered enclosure. The seats, with a capacity for nearly twenty thousand persons, are arranged under canvas on three sides of the enclosure. On the fourth side is the "behind the scenes," cut off by canvas curtains.
The show includes many features. Buffalo Bill himself appears often. The first time he comes before the spectators he makes a short address, well-spoken, in a good voice. At close range it begins to appear that age is telling somewhat in the valiant colonel, but he is still a remarkable well-preserved and good-looking man. Dexter W. Fellows, the press agent of the exhibition says that Buffalo Bill never misses a performance, is always around to see that things go, and that his eye and nerve are apparently as reliable as ever.
The night performance is given in a glare of electric light, and is not cut or abridged. The entertainment is about two hours long. It comprehends more than a Wild West exhibition for there are representatives of many races. History, geography, civil government and the customs and dress of the peoples may be learned by those who go to study as well as to be entertained. The grand review includes cowboys, Mexican, Cossacks, Arabs, Indians - all in their native garb - and detachments of the regular cavalry of the United States, England, France, Germany and Russia. In command of each detachments of cavalry is an officer of the reserves who has seen service, and who is absent from his regiment on leave. All of the soldiers themselves are genuine, and have seen service. Corporal Weinert, of the Seventh United States Cavalry, wears a bronze medal, presented to him by Congress for bravery ate Wounded Knee. The detachment of the Fifth Royal Irish Lancers, under command of a sergeant, saw service in India.
The Indians and Their Tents.
The Indians, of whom there are a large number, braves, squaws and papooses, are from the Government reservation. They receive 825 a month each. They pitch their tents in the rear of the show and live more or less in their primitive fashion. Buffalo Bill also has his tent. The men who camp on the grounds with him are not professional circus riders, but they learned to ride In the West when it was much wilder than it is now, or on their native plains. A feature of the show that is always attractive is the riding of the bucking broncos. In the first part of this exhibition the horses are turned loose to be lassoed. There is wild and picturesque driving and running over the large enclosure; and when the horses have all been captured, they are saddled in the presence of the spectators, preparatory to the riding. When a cowboy gets his foot in the stirrup he is pretty sure of his mount. Sometimes he has to save himself by throwing the horse. One bronco, rejoicing in the name of "Dynamite," has hurt half a dozen men, several of whom were limping about yesterday. When "Dynamite" takes a "tantrum" the cowboys gather thick around him with their lassos and follow him about the field in wild efforts to throw his rider.

There are several kinds of shooting. Miss Oakley and Johnny Baker break clay pigeons and glass balls. They shoot in various fancy attitudes, and Baker winds up his part of the show by standing on his head and breaking clay pigeons at fifty yards. Buffalo Bill shoots riding and standing. There is a buffalo hunt, with plenty of blank cartridge shooting. A herd of buffalo is turned loose with a number of cowboys in pursuit. The animals must be saturated with saltpeter. There is a battle between Indian tribes; another between Indians who attack a stage coach and the rescuing cavalry. All this to good music and visible from good seats. The managers pride themselves on taking care of the stock and of their patrons. Assistants are required to be prompt and attentive and to keep people "down in front."
An Indian Chief Injured. 
"Running Deer," one of the Sioux chiefs, was thrown from his horse by the animal stumbling, yesterday afternoon. He was carried off the field of carnage by two sturdy whites. At the hospital tent it was found that his knee was sprained. The squaws, who saw the chief coming in on the shoulders of the Caucasians, were unconcerned. Some of the braves, however, collected around the chief's tent, showing curiosity.
