Indianapolis Sun May 7 1896
Persia's Imperious Shah
Saw Buffalo Bill's Big Show in Paris
Maj. Burke Tells Something of the Assassinated Ruler - The Chair in which he Sat is Now on a Western Ranch.
Maj. J. M. Burke, the general manager of Buffalo Bill, whose incomparable show will be in Indianapolis, May 8 and 9, tells a flood of good stories about the eminent people who have seen the great performance. Among them was the shah of Persia, who was recently assassinated in Teheran.
Of this ruler Maj. Burke said to the Sun, Wednesday:

"I heard of the death of the shah with much regret, because I met him under most favorable circumstances, and was much impressed with him. Outside of the American officials at Teheran, the capital of the Persian Empire, few outsiders have had the opportunity of meeting with him. At the time of the Paris universal exposition, in 1889, Buffalo Bill was the reigning sensation, and we were the first attraction to be visited by the shah after he had paid his official respects to President Carnot and the exposition.

"According to the usages of his country, the shah was very imperious in regard to his own wishes. He was on a visit to England and some of our prominent friends in court circles eulogized and explained the character of our entertainment to him, and I privately knew from that source and from the Persian minister resident in Paris that he would on Monday visit the president at the Elysee the exposition on Tuesday and Buffalo Bill on Wednesday.

"This was not the government's program: so I called Count d'Ormison, the charge of affairs [illegible] expressed some surprise and incredulity and showed me the official program. I said no more, but awaited events, and it would be a long and amusing story the result of the shah's imperious revocation of the program laid out and his visit to the wild west, making it for us doubly interesting, as it was noted to all Paris.

"Various authentic stories are told of the shah's imperious conduct in matters of etiquette at the opera. Elysee and elsewhere, but I must say that his conduct with us was of the most amiable and agreeable nature. He was escorted to the grounds by a cavalcade with Gen. Saussier, the now commander-in-chief of the French army, in attendance. The American contingent consisted of Whitelaw Reid. United States minister: Col. Cody. Nate Salsbury and a reception committee. The shah expressed himself as much pleased and enthused, and amused the audience by his decided demonstrations of approval. The French Government had sent a magnificent special suit of furniture for his comfort, in which a chair that cost more than 600 francs was.

"After the performance which a member of his suite remarked delighted the shah more than anything he had ever witnessed. His highness visited the camp, and he took a special interest in the American
Indians, among whom were Rocky Bear and Red Shirt. The Persian shah was impressed with the handsome Indian wife of Red Shirt.

"He marveled at the wonderful physical development of the Sioux Indians, and he declared with enthusiasm in French. Magnificent men.' The shah was not then obese, as he has since been reported to have become. He impressed me as a dignified, intelligent, strong-minded, self-willed man, about 60 years of age, used to command, but very respectful and courteous to all. When in Cody's tent he asked him to give him a small silk American flag which was there. In return for this he afterwards sent Col. Cody some jewelry as a souvenir. The French government presented the furniture used on the occasion to Col. Cody, but as Col. Cody was a long way from home and his daughter was about to be married, Bill said: 'I will send the furniture as a present to the bride, and if in time there should be a grandson he can sit in the Shah's chair and study Oriental History." In reading of the present there, and whom I might possibly have envied their good fortune and condition, have been assassinated - the shah of Persia, king Dinah Salofo of Bengal and President Sadi-Carnot, the lamented president of France."

The set of furniture which was given to Col. Cody is now on a ranch in Wyoming. The chair on which the shah sat is an object of great wonderment among the cowboys, many of whom ride many miles to see it and to afterwards boast that they have sat in it.
