Indianapolis Star 17, 1914 pg. 16

PROMOTION

Circus of Today Vastly Different From That Which Delighted Grandpa

Fashions in hats change – and so why shouldn’t the same rule apply in circuses? Little Tommy may answer. Stand up, please. Thank you.
 
“Because they don’t have to”

Wrong, exceedingly wrong. To tell the truth there’s nothing which must shift about more than the fashions of a circus – or at least the styles of its entertainment. Of course the groundwork may remain the same, there may still be clowns and tents and seats and all that sort of thing, for those things are necessary to the development just as cloth is necessary for clothing. As to the explanation.

Once upon a time the clown song was a real part of a circus. But the clown song is gone now. Then there were the “leaps” by which the performers entered the ring, but the leaps have departed with the clown song. There was, too, the ‘entrée’ where the audience saw beforehand all the performers it would see later on in various acts. And then there was the Wild West – a whole entertainment

But even that has changed now – and the best evidence of it all is the exhibition of the Sells Floto circus and Buffalo Bill (himself), which is coming to Indianapolis for one day’s stay, Monday Sept 21. The spectacle has taken its place. 

When Buffalo Bill became a part of the Sells Floto Circus this year, with his Indians and soldiers and riders and ropers and all the other features which go to the depiction of the West, there came many a conference between those upon whom devolves the task of making a circus popular. The straight Wild West entertainment was discarded. The West should be displayed and epitomized, they were sure of that; but the old system must not be followed. And so there came the idea of the pageant or spectacle. 

So now it comes about that in allegorical fashion the whole history of the West is shown, from the time of the frontier, to that of the present day. The early struggles of the pioneers, the hatred of the Indians, the wild life of the plains – all is brought forth in an entirely new light so that history is combined with entertainment. Rough Riders? They will be there, of course, and Indians and soldiers and ropers and ranch girls – but every performer has some specific thread of a great story to follow. The scheme of a mere jumble of events to make an entertainment has vanished. Fashions in circuses have changed. 

Of course, Buffalo Bill is to appear in the performance. He also is to lead the parade when it passes through the downtown streets at 10:30 o’clock the morning of the performance. The circus is set to exhibit here on Washington street. 
