Indianapolis Evening Minute July 9, 1885 pg. 2
A Sioux Ox-Roast
Sitting Bull and Buffalo Bill Entertain in True Frontier Style
Philadelphia Times 
Sitting Bull, the redoubtable chief of the Sioux nation, appeared in a new role yesterday. It was that of host at a genuine Indian banquet tendered to a score of palefaces. The old warrior received his guests in Buffalo Bill's tent, and when he was introduced by Mr. Cody his broad painted face wrinkled up in a grin of welcome, and he said in a deep guttural tone, "How!" His guests responsed in chorus  "How!" Then the manager of the Penn-Mather Electric company suggested that the guests whet their appetites on some "champagne electrique," and the old warrior nodded and grinned until the paint on his face cracked, and he repeated his English vocabulary, which consisted of the single word "How!" The chief drank as much wine as was allotted to him and then the guests were ushered into Sitting Bull's tent, where the banquet was to be served. The interior did not look like a banquet hall. Rough board benches extended around the walls of the wigwam and at intervals of every two feet double jointed hickory sticks were stuck in the ground in front of the benches. Sitting Bull and Buffalo Bill sat at the end of the tent and their guests were ranged on each side. 
Crow Eagle, the Sioux chief's lieutenant, squatted in the centre of the tent and smiled blandly when several attendants entered with big dishes of meat. Buffalo Bill gave the cue to his guests by pulling the stake in front of him out of the ground and spearing a piece of meat out of one of the dishes. "Set to, boys," he said, "and enjoy a genuine Sioux rib roast." The food was prepared by Sioux squaws and the meat was cooked on sticks held over a bed of hot coals. While the wine was flowing Sitting Bull's tongue wagged and he told, through an interpreter, how he was forced into the Black Hills war of 1876 by the invasion of the miners, and protested that he was not present at the killing of General Custer. He said that his father had given him the name of Sitting Bull when he was fourteen years old, after felling a Crow Indian with a blow from his tomahawk. 
