Indianapolis Sun Dec. 31 1902 pg. 4

Nate Salsbury's Career

Nate Salsbury, one of the country's best-known showmen, principal owner of Buffalo Bill's Wild West show and a heavy stockholder in the Barnum & Bailey Company, whose death was reported, last week. In Long Branch. N. J., had been in failing health for a long time.

He was very wealthy and had lived in lavish style In Long Branch for several years with his wife and four children. He was known as the father of the style of entertainment known as farce-comedy, and was the inventor of as many kinds of amusement as any other person in America. He was a horseman of ability, a wit, an actor, a financier, a lover of all kinds of art and a thorough cosmopolitan, with friends in every English-speaking country and admirers in every city and village in this country.

Born in Freeport, Ill., in February, 1846, he obtained his education in the public schools of the native town. At the age of 17 he enlisted in an Illinois regiment and saw hard service throughout the civil war. He fought in many battles and earned the praise of his officers on many occasions. One time he was pointed out by his colonel, who said: "With a regiment of 1,000 men like Salsbury I could whip an army of 3,000."

During leisure hours the young soldier played poker and when he left the army at the close if the war he had $20,000- With that sum he organized a theatrical company, with himself as one of the players, and toured the country. The company subsequently became known as Salsbury's troubadours.

As an actor he was a success; as a business man he was a greater success. He toured Europe and other parts of the world where English is spoken, and visited every city in America. It was while on the road that he met "Buffalo Bill," and closed negotiations with him for the formation of the company which is now known as Buffalo Bill's Wild West Company. His fortune began to grow from the time this company started.

Two years ago he spent $200,000 in converting from a barren waste the property at North Long Branch known as the Reservation. He was president of the Long Branch property holders' association, and a member of the G. A. R., the Lambs' club and the American dramatists' club.

