Indianapolis Star June 24, 1913 pg. 13

RECEPTION

Buffalo Bill Spends Day Without Being ÒTouchedÓ Crowds Enjoy Show

“Another record broken,” announced Col. William F. Cody last night in his private tent at the West Washington street grounds, where his Wild West and Far East show played to large crowds yesterday afternoon and last evening. “For the first time in my circus career I have passed a day in a real city without meeting some one I knew in the West or being forced to ward off the familiarities of a humbug who said he was acquainted with me when I dwelt there. In the first instance it makes me believe that I am growing old. In the second, I am pleased for there is nothing so distressing as to have to put up with the fraud who is almost sure to appear. 

“They say I am aging behind my back and a day like this brings the outcast thought of age again into my head,” the colonel continued reminiscently. 

MISSED OLD SCOUT HERE.

“I used to know a good old scout by the name of Joelson, who lived here. He hunted with me while we hunted bison with the grand duke of Russia. Last year I missed him. I tried to find him. They told me he had fallen beneath a railroad train in a Kentucky city. After facing the dangers he did it was a most unkind end. Still, he died with his boots on so to speak.”

“will you retire next year, colonel?” Buffalo Bill was asked. 

“I think of it every year,” he replied, “but the love of excitement has got my goat I don’t believe I could stay quiet.” 

Pawnee Bill otherwise Maj. Gordon W. Lillie, entered the tent just then, and the conversation became general.

As usual the performance was good. The wonders of the East were combined with the wonder workers of the West. The program went through swiftly and without a hitch. Epochs, so designated on the program followed each other in rapid fire order. 

Ameen abou Hammed’s troupe of Bedouin Arabs displayed their dexterity in difficult athletic feats. Their performance was greeted with cheers. 

Col. Cody and Maj. Lillie appeared near the opening of the performance.

As usual the artillery and cavalry boys carted off the honors of the day. Their share in the program had been enlarged. The wild-riding Russian Cossacks brought a lump into the throats of many. A new feature was the drill of the Boy Scouts, who took the laurels from the old-time and much-produced Zouave drill. A pair of racing buffalo hitched to a chariot earned a round of applause. They were driven by a woman designated on the program as Rose Wentworth-Carr, Indian life in reality was displayed by the 200 aborigines carried by the outfit. Auto polo is an established sport if the applause with which it was greeted last night is a criterion. Neither side won, it so happened. The final review, a mass of color and beauty, was a fitting climax to the performance. An after show followed. 
