The Indianapolis journal April 28, 1899
YOUNG WOMAN PRESS AGENT
Buffalo Bill's Show Recognizes the Merits of the Sex.
Buffalo Bill's Wild West show, which is to be here next month,' has recognized the omnipresence of women in all business affairs these days and has a young lady who Is a full-fledged press agent. She Is Miss Mayme Jester, a niece of Col. W. F. Cody, and is alert in booming the merits of the big entertainment and incidentally the new book written by Mrs. Helen Wetmore Cody,  a sister of Colonel Cody, entitled  "The Last of the Scouts." The book is uniquely advertised by a wagon In the Wild West parade. Miss Jester has just recently undertaken the press agent work. "In the Wild West show this year," said she yesterday, "we have a number of the heroes of Santiago, men who stormed up San Juan, the sort of men whose names never get in the newspapers unless they are on the lists of wounded or dead. We could have obtained a regiment of them if Colonel Cody could have handled so many for after those who were mustered out in the East heard that Buffalo Bill was to carry as an attraction men who had fought at San Juan there were scores of applications every day. The men had become accustomed to outdoor life and they anticipated a fine time in traveling about the country with the show this summer."

With Buffalo Bill's Wild West this year are three Filipinos. They make their first appearance along with other newly acquired nations of the United States and Announcer McCarthy honors them as he does
the others. The management of the show does all that it can and deals out fair treatment to each and all. But the patriotism of the American people is over-bounding these days. And while other peoples and features of the Wild West receive ample and loud cheers the poor trio from the newest possessed country encounters hisses. At first, when the Filipinos rode about the great circle of Madison-square Garden, in New York, all noises sounded alike. But it did not take them long to catch on. And
then there was mutiny. Colonel Cody, who gets along to successfully with all the strange folks, and unravels all sorts of race tangles, found the hurt pride of the recently imported people a puzzling thing. He explained, excused, offered balm of many kinds. For a while it really looked bad. And the worst of it all was that all the disturbance centered about three people, a woman and two men, and all of them 
together not big enough to make a good sized American. Finally, toward the close of the New York engagement, the insurrection was put down in some way, without slaughter on either side. Colonel Cody refuses to tell jut how the matter was arranged but is just a trifle conceited over his powers.

And so the people who have been forced to take an interest in the Filipinos, however much against their own ideas and inclination, will be able to see what manner of people are causing such a vast amount of
trouble now. The Wild West will be in Indianapolis on Friday of next week and the three Filipinos will appear both in the parade and afternoon and evening performances.
