Indianapolis Star June 22, 1913 pg. 18

PROMOTION

BIG WILD WEST SHOW WILL ARRIVE TODAY

Purchasing Agents “Lay In” Supply of Provisions for Two-Day Stay

Five agents were in Indianapolis yesterday arranging the details for the arrival of the Buffalo Bill and Pawnee Bill Show Purchasing Agent Radford was astir early buying the food and fodder for the animals, while Steward Biddle bought provisions enough to feed 780 persons both today and tomorrow, while two “twenty-four-hour” men were busy arranging the railroad details and preparing the show grounds on West Washington street for the arrival of the show about 8 o’clock this morning. The three trains will arrive over the Big Four from Louisville, and only the necessary tents to house man and beast will be erected today. The arena and the other canvas will be stretched at daylight tomorrow. 

Steward Biddle’s position with the aggregation is really no sinecure, for last night he explained that he and his chefs are forced to cook in every language in the universe. Members of the cosmopolitan throng demand their special dishes and the appetite of every nation is different. The Indians require meat in large quantities and the longer it is cooked the better they like it. The Arabs, on the other hand, eschew meat, and subsist entirely on a grain diet. The Coassacks live entirely on stews, while the dishes the Cingalesse most relish are seasoned so highly they would burn the stomach of the average mortal. The Dahomians must have their food cooked over an open fire, and the more smoked it is the better they relish it. About the only thing all agree upon is griddle cakes, and thousands of them are made every morning for breakfast. 

COL. CODY WILL ARRIVE

Both Col. Cody and Maj. Lillie will arrive with the aggregation on their private car, which is carried on the last section of the show train. The old scout this year pays more attention to the active management of the exhibition, but he appears in the arena long enough to narrate his wartime experiences and his recollections of the frontier, at the same time introducing Pawnee Bill as his successor in the saddle. 

The parade tomorrow morning is the first that Indianapolis has ever seen offered by the “two Bills” It is the first street pageant they have offered in years, the Wild West, the military and the Far East forming the three divisions. For tomorrow a downtown ticket office will be established at the Weber drug store in the Claypool Hotel, where reserved tickets will be sold at the same prices as those prevailing at the grounds.

Adolph Rieman, an Indianapolis citizen, is with the aggregation this year, his fourth with Buffalo Bill and Pawnee Bill. Mr. Rieman is connected with the staff of the aggregation, and is quite well known in tent show circles. He was born and reared in this city and during the winter makes his home here with his parents on Washington Street within a stone’s throw of the show grounds.

WORLD’S RIDERS COMING

The different methods of riding of various nationalities of the world are illustrated by the rough riders with the show. They present every style of equitation from Europe to the Syrian desert; men who throw their legs across every kind of mount from a bronco to a bridle bullock. The widely different mounts could not be more fully demonstrated than the two extreme seats of the cowboy and the fox hunter, shown in this season’s program.
 
The cowboy has to be astride his pony a dozen hours every day. The fox hunter has nothing to do but “sight tight” and has no other occupation for his hands. A huntsman rides, the flattest thing known except a pad, every saddle must be as closely adapted to the needs of the rider as can be made. 

The home of the short seat and long stirrup is the Occident; that of the long seat and short stirrup the Orient. These are varied in every locality to suit its own peculiarities, inherited or acquired. 

The Eastern rider clings to his extremely short leathers, to place him the higher above his horse in the charge, and therefore make him the more imposing when he stands up in his stirrups to brandish scimitar or match lock. The Easterner early learns to throw his horse and use him for a rampart, from behind which he can fire, and to remount rapidly and attack with a saber, to use it in any position, at any gait. They throw their horses at a gallop, they pick up wounded men, and, going at full speed, they leap from horse to horse. 

AMERICA THE BEST

In matters equine, however, it is conceded that America is pre-eminent. We can count within the boundaries of the Union almost every type of rider, from those who subdued the steed to the faithful family “Dobbin” of today. 
Another feature of the Buffalo Bill show will be an “auto polo” game. It’s an exciting game with a thousand thrills. Sensation hunters and auto racers can get pointers galore by viewing these “players” flirt with danger, dodge the undertaker and turn their spitfire machines end for end, cut curves on one wheel or rear up and turn a somersault like a mechanical acrobat and then dash for the goal. 
