Indianapolis Sun Dec. 11 1908 pg. 6
NORTH PLATTE, Neb. Dec. 11. Col. Wm. F. Cody, "Buffalo Bill" will retire from public life, although the wild west show will continue, but no longer will the dashing old frontiersman ride at its head.

There never was another man just like [illegible] Cody is used [illegible] for that is what they call him [illegible] and other places in the west. There never will be another man like Cody, either, for the environments that made him have gone.

He is not the only scout, rough rider and plainsman. But he is the only one possessing the versatility that enabled him to hob-nod with kings and queens, and preserve that dash and picturesqueness typical of the early west. Cody is as polished and suave as a Ward McAllister and without the sickening affection.

Summed up, Bill Cody, or Col. Wm. F. Cody, or "Buffalo Bill," whichever you choose, is the most is the most unique character this country has produced. His wonderful make-up is a composite creation of the firmness of Andrew Jackson, the grace of a Chesterfield, the dash of Sheridan, the bravery of Grant, and the gentleness of Wm. McKinley.

Cody has three homes between which he alternates when not with the show, and in either he is a king. These places are Omaha, North Platte and Cody - the latter a Wyoming town named in honor of the great scout.

At Cody he built a large log hotel. In striking contrast to the rough exterior is the interior, the finest money could produce. There is more mahogany inside of the hotel than can be found elsewhere in Wyoming. 

From an unpretentious beginning in 1876 - a Fourth of July Celebration at North Platte - Cody conceived the idea of the Wild West show which has piled up for him an immense fortune. It was many years before the idea was in complete working order, but he eventually succeeded. Despite his wealth, he has always dispersed charity with prodigal hand.

One feature of "Buffalo Bill's" personality is the quiet dignity with which he has conducted himself before the crowned heads of Europe, presidents, generals, and other dignitaries. Few men have had the privilege of meeting a larger number of prominent people than he. Among his personal friends are President Roosevelt, Gen. Miles, Kind Edward and hundreds of others. He was a favorite of Queen Victoria, who designated him as the [illegible] American she had ever seen. [illegible] Never has the head of "Buffalo Bill" been turned. He allowed rivals to meet him halfway never bending the knee farther than they bended to him. And yet he is democratic enough to be classed as a commoner of the purest type.

Aggressiveness and promptness of action are dominant characteristics in the Cody make-up, illustrative of which is an incident witnessed in a hotel at Billings, Montana a few years ago. Col. Cody arrived at the hotel about 5 o'clock and found a [illegible] old-fashioned stove. The weather was [illegible]. The man who kept the hotel was [illegible] of the principals of the Arkansas traveler.

"Why don't you [illegible]" questioned Cody
"Haint got any more coal." Replied the landlord.

Straightaway Cody roused the coal dealer and had a ton of coal delivered to the hotel.

Now, damn you, I want you to keep a fire while a stay here," said he, and the easy-going landlord took the hint.

Mrs. Cody is an interesting matron. There was a dash of romance in their marriage. She was the daughter of a St. Louis Frenchman. During the Civil war Cody was in St. Louis, and, riding through the streets, observed a party of drunken soldiers annoying a groups of girls. Cody took the soldiers to task and a hand-to-hand battle resulted. One of the girls was Louisa Frederick. From the acquaintance that followed the incident, the petite French girl became Mrs. Wm. F. Cody.

Buffalo Bill is now in his fifty-eighth year, and although well preserved is not so strenuous as he was when in his prime. He has decided to spend the remainder of his days among the boulders and canyons in the land that made it possible for him to be famous on two continents.




