Indianapolis Sun May 26 1908 pg. 4

Buffalo Bill is Coming June 15 with Great Show

After touring Great Britain and Continental Europe for the past four years, Buffalo Bill's Wild West and Congress of Rough Riders of the World is home again. Arrangements have been perfected for the exhibition to appear in this city. June 15.

Exactly as given in Madison Square Garden, New York City, when the show opened its tour this spring, the performance will be presented without curtailment or changes of any sort. Buffalo Bill has been abroad so long that his home-coming affords what is practically a novelty in arenic entertainment.
During his absence the little folks have grown into youths and young ladies and those of us who saw the exhibition years ago will take equal Interest In seeing It all over again.

During the four separate tours of Europe, which Buffalo Bill has made, he has presented his historical entertainment in 18 different countries, before crowned heads and plebeians, and a vast majority of Instances where an English-speaking person was a rarity. But In all his travels he has depicted the conquest and eventual civilization of the Indian and has presented scenes of historic events with unfailing fidelity and with success, which has astounded the skeptical. He has done more than any other American to open the book of our early history before the eyes of Europeans and they have looked with admiring eyes upon the wonders there unfolded.

While the exhibition will be practically new this season, the display will, of course, conform to the-general style of entertainment which Col. William, F. Cody ("Buffalo Bill") has always presented: historical in its fundamental principle, original In its conception and maintenance, unique as an arenic entertainment, and In a class all by itself among out-of-door amusements.

The topping features of the program will be the pantomimic melodrama "The Great Train Holdup" and "The Bandit-Hunters of the Union Pacific" together with "The Battle of Summit Springs.

