Indianapolis Sun May 20 1901
Veteran Soldiers will Come to Indianapolis

Keen Canadians and Sturdy Boers Ride Side By Side
English generals have accorded high praise to the Canadian cavalrymen, who were among the most efficient soldiers of the British forces In the South African war, frankly affirming them in certain very important respects much superior to the regular English mounted soldiery. And it is perhaps mildly gratifying to note that the admitted superiority was entirely in qualities most closely resembling those of our gallant American rough riders and United States cavalry. With capacity for perfectly concerted action, upon occasions they combined such a development of individuality as is possible under no European system of cavalry training. That was especially noticed in the northwest mounted police- Strathcona horse-who formed part of the Canadian contingent. They rode as our cowboys ride, and no men have ridden better since there were Centaurs. Every man was an admirable scout, whose keen observation, unerring judgment, endurance and courage were worthy of northwestern America; and each was capable of putting up such a pretty fight, against any odds, that even envy had to admire him.

This all came about naturally enough; that was the sort of service in which they had been engaged for years. In discharge of their regular duty in the far northwest, these men are required to patrol singly through the wildest sections of the country, keeping in order the worst elements of society, both red and white, protecting settlers, arresting lawbreakers and killing desperadoes when necessary.

Each man must hold himself ready, at all moments, to encounter any odds of the most desperate character; to brave all hardships, and under any contingency to depend upon himself alone. Theirs is perhaps the most arduous and perilous service required of enlisted men in any country.

A platoon of these men, who were in the South African war, appear in Buffalo Bill's Wild West arena, this season, uniformed, armed and equipped as in active service. With them are a platoon of their military rivals, the Canadian mounted riflemen, gallant men and good soldiers, who won Gen. Roberts' special praise. And, amicably riding with them on the arena's neutral ground, are a detachment of genuine Boer soldiers; burghers incapacitated from further active service, for a time at least, who have been brought direct from South Africa to show the American people how real fighting Boers look. Some of them were with Gen. Cronje, and escaped when he was captured, while others were, comparatively recently, under Gen. De Wet's command. Buffalo Bill comes May 21.
