Indianapolis News August 17, 1883 pg. 2 
Buffalo Bill's Duel with Yellow Hand
New York Sun
The scalp torn from the head of the great chief Yellow Hand by Buffalo Bill was shown to a party of visitors from Hartford. The hair is long and soft, and was braided like the queue of a Chinaman. One of Bill's comrades told the story of the scalping: "It was just after the massacre of Custer," he said. "Bill was with General Miles at the head of the scouts. They were trying to cut off Yellow Hand from Sitting Bull. Early in the morning Yellow Hand rode up at the head of a war party and challenged Bill to an open combat. General Miles and others tried to dissuade Bill from accepting the challenge. He replied that a refusal to accept it would ruin his prestige among the savages, and that was something he could not afford to lose. He told Yellow Hand that he would fight him. The two armies were ranged less than a mile apart. Six mounted scouts accompanied Bill and six mounted Brule Sioux rode forward with Yellow Hand. They were to open the fight on horseback with rifles.
Their escorts drew aside, and the combatants dashed forward. Yellow Hand began to spin around Bill in a circle, and Bill began to circulate on a circle himself. Around and around they went like swallows in the air. Both white men and savages were eager spectators. Each combatant had his leg over his horses fore-shoulder, and each was swinging head downward, awaiting an opportunity for a fatal shot. They sounded so close together that it sounded like the crack of one rifle. In a twinkling both horses were biting the dust. Bill was as spry as cat. He was on his feet before the boss struck the ground. Yellow Hand was partly pinned to the earth by the weight of his pony. The two men were not over seventy feet apart. Before the chief could extricate himself Bill had shot him through the body. It was, however, at fresh wound. Yellow Hand gained his feet, drew his scalping knife, and went for Bill like a demon. The Indians were yelling like hyenas, and Miles' troops were rending the air with their shouts. Yellow Hand's knife went through Bill's hunting shirt, barely scraping the hide. There was a quick struggle, some labored breathing and gritting of teeth, and Bill's knife slid between the chief's ribs, and pierced his heart. He fell lifeless on the plain. In a second Bill pierced his topknot, and yanked the scalp from his head. With fiendish screams the Indians poured down on him. But old Miles' troopers were there on time, and there was a lively an Indian fight as was ever seen in the Big Horn country. Yellow Hand lost his scalp as well as his life, and his soul never reached the happy hunting ground."
