Jasper Weekly Courier Nov. 15 1907
Buffalo Bill's Home Life
Every Year.
The Halls where He Hangs Up His Hat - A Patriotic Family Circle - Cody's Native Vanity
Everything is possible in the civilization of today. If somebody had stopped Bill Cody on his way astride a heaving, rolling, billowy bronco to meet the paymaster of the Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe railroad, for which he was killing buffalo as a meat supply, twenty-five years ago, and had told gambling man on horseback that within a quarter of a century he would be as intimately associated with the minds of the rising generation as Rip Van Winkle or even, heaven preserve us General George Washington, Mr. Codv would in all probability have explosively informed the kindly forerunner of fame that he was a twoem dash.
There is little use in telling anybody how well Cody is known throughout the world. Out here we have photographs representing him as gazing dreamily from balconies of the Some-thing-or-Other Palace in Venice, casually stopping to flick a bit of dust off his sombrero in the shadow of the Roman amphitheater and otherwise making himself familiar with wonderful things that we must hear of at second hand. But then we get even in the long run. Although we cannot be present when the Neapolitan artist presses the button on Cody and Young-Man-Waiting-For-His-Salary, neither can the wondering foreign "princes, potentates, states and sovereignties" know as intimately the home life of the great scout.
Few people have given that side of Buffalo Bill's career the slightest attention, and very few know of the existence of a Mrs. Cody, or as the public would in all likelihood insist on putting it, a Mrs. Buffalo Bill. It is indeed a fact that for some six or seven years there has been very little real home life for Codv, he being so constantly busied with his show interests, but the home is there whenever he happens in between seasons and it is one that would almost satisfy anybody who would be satisfied with a distinctly western home.
The traveler over the Union Pacific road may, if he has been warned in time, look out from the coach window as the train pulls into North Platte and through the clear atmosphere to the prairie country see four miles away, rising out of the prairie itself a long, low building with the legend painted in gigantic letters on the roof: "SCOUT'S REST." Little more than this can be seen from the coach, and then the name of the ranch can only be deciphered by means of a glass, but if the traveler have the time to hire a rig at the city of North Platte and ride northwestward over the dusty prairie he will shortly find himself repaid for his venture, for he will see a picture of western prosperity which with livelong in his mind. 3,000 acres of the most beautiful stretch of land on the Nebraska prairies; magnificent stock buildings and a grand old dwelling of a cheeringly roomy appearance; thousands upon thousands of herd of cattle and horses here, there and away off on the prairie and in their corrals; acres of land under cultivation; horseman riding hither and you evidently without a fixed point in view but unquestionably to the posted ranchman doing nothing unnecessary. This is Cody's ranch and it is here that he makes his headquarters for the most part when he is on this side of the ocean. Here he breeds exceptional grades of stock; every time he comes from Europe it is to incidentally look upon the result of experiments made with fine stock shipped from the mother country. Here, with his old friends he makes merry the return and forgets the approaching departure. Cody's ranch is very near to the old site or the former Fort McPherson, which was his headquarters in his scouting days. It is a splendidly equipped establishment, but is nearly all the time in charge of a superintendent, Mrs. Cody and the one daughter remaining in the family circle live in North Platte. Formerly Mrs. Cody occupied a house about a mile out of the city, where another but lesser ranch is located, but recently this dwelling was burned and she removed to the city. In the other days this ranch was the scene of much gaiety, Miss Arta Cody being socially inclined and being a leader in the little circle of North Platte Society. The ranch was a popular place of  congregation for the young people, and occasionally too, "Scout's Rest" was invaded by a merry throng,  but for the most part the big place was left to Buffalo Bill, who entertained in his own fashion there.
Mrs. Cody herself is an intensely domestic woman, loving her home life above all glory coming to her as the wife of Buffalo Bill. She is loyal to North Platte and North Platte institutions. The one little girl left, attends school there, as had her sisters, and the other little one, who eight years ago left the little prairie settlement which had been her only home to return no more, sleeps under a little mound where the Nebraska prairie is covering her. Even Miss Arta, after visiting the capitals of the old country, came back to marry a Nebraska lumberman, W.H. Boal. Mrs. Cody is yet on the sunny side of life and the grey has hardly yet come to her hair. Not altogether pleasant has her life been since she left her Missouri home back in the 60's to join fortunes with a government scout, for in those early, wild days there were many hardships which could not even be guessed by Eastern wives. But she looks none the worse for it now. Her social functions are perhaps not on as gorgeous a scale as one of her means might easily bring about in a great city, but here in this section there is no word of praise too hearty and warm for her as a mother, a neighbor and a hostess. 
There is one phase of Cody's own character which I do not remember to have ever seen in print. This is his vanity. There is no question that Cody is as vain as could be desired, but he isn't offensive in evidencing it. He would be mighty strong minded if he didn't evince some self-satisfaction. An interesting story is told by one of the many "war correspondents" who happened to be in at the Indian outbreak recently. Speaking of Cody he said: "I happened to be his roommate in a country hotel up in the Pine Ridge Indian country in winter of 1890. I had the only room in which two people were not lodged, and when Buffalo Bill came he made up the last man with me."
Not feeling particularly well that day I had taken to the room and was reading a book on "Western Characters' Cody busying himself writing letters. Somewhere over in the back of the book I struck the name of Buffalo Bill. "Hello Colonel!" I sang out. "Here you are in this book." Everybody out here of course calls him Colonel because of his connection with the militia.
"That so? Read it." he said in his quick 300-words-a-minute way.
I started in and discovered in two lines that it was not just the kind of a write-up a man usually liked, it spoke of Cody as having been a bushwhacker and a hard man down in Missouri. I stopped.
"That all?" He asked interestedly, stopping his writing. 
"No, it calls you a cattle thief in the next line." 
"Go on! Go on!!" 

I went on but it broke me all up. I had never met Cody before that day and it was a pretty rough way to begin an acquaintance. The story roasted the colonel from hair to ankle bone as an associate of such ruffians as Wild Bill, a man "who assumed to the places of KL Carson or Davy Crockett without other reason than killing a great number of buffalo, he having never, like those two been ahead of civilization in the wilderness' and more such. When the story was ended I was in a cold sweat and expected to see Cody go right out and take a train for Chicago to look up the author. But he didn't. He said it was true he had stolen cattle in Missouri, but the cattle were for the most part those stolen from him and he was getting even. Wild Bill was all right and if he hadn't made as much of his chances as Crockett and Carson he'd like to know why. But I don't believe from his actions he felt a bit better than I did, and I know his vanity didn't revive for an hour. And the story's true too.
