Kokomo Daily Tribune March 7, 1894 pg. 3
[Article contains graphic of Buffalo Bill] 
Buffalo Bill's Title
How He Defended it in a Buffalo Shooting Contest. 
The fistic encounter between Fred May and Colonel W. F. Cody which occurred in a Washington hotel recently attracted widespread attention on account of the notorious and picturesque personalities of the participants. Fred May comes of one of the most aristocratic New York families and has been conspicuous in the most select circles of metropolitan society. He has gained greater publicity, however, by figuring in frequent brawls like that with Colonel Cody, and a short time ago narrowly escaped being send to Sing Sing for assaulting a New York policeman. 
Colonel Cody is known to international fame as Buffalo Bill, the scout, sharpshooter and showman- a veritable dime novel hero in the flesh. Cody was bred on the plains and killed his first Indian when he was 11 years old. He served during the war as a scout in the Seventh Kansas regiment, called "the Jayhawkers," and after the conclusion of hostilities returned to the wild life on the plains, taking a contract to supply meat to the men constructing the Kansas Pacific railroad. Under this contract he killed 4,280 buffaloes and earned $500 a month and the sobriquet of "Buffalo Bill." 
He clinched his claim to the title in a buffalo shooting contest with his rival, Billy Comstock, whom he defeated by a score of 69 to 46. Cruel "sport," this, where the dull brutes were "rounded up" and slaughtered like cattle in an abattoir, but we must remember the time and the excitement of a personal challenge. There is no record of Bill again shooting buffaloes for amusement. 
In 1868 he was made chief of scouts under General Sheridan in the war against the Dog Soldier Indians, and he did invaluable service as a guide over regions utterly unknown  to the military. During four years he remained at Fort McPherson, where he arranged buffalo hunts for many visiting easterners- foreigners, too, among them the Grand Duke Alexis. 
In 1872 he went to New York, fell in with some actors and went on the stage. His career since that time is well known to all readers who are interested in it. 
