Lebanon Gazette July 27 1899
Buffalo Bill's Wild West show will exhibit at Lafayette August 17th.

THE HON. WM. F. CODY.
On the Plains With Buffalo Bill, America's Greatest Scout and Indian Fighter,

(Col. Prentiss Ingraham in Conkey's Home Journal.)
That man cannot be Buffalo Bill, for he is not fifty years of age, and I have [Illegible] of the great scout since I was a boy, forty years ago." So said an eastern man as he gazed with interest upon the tall form, manly and daring face of William F. Cody, and his words are voiced by many, who fail to recall that William F. Cody began to make- history for himself over two score years ago, and when he was a boy of ten. 

The Greatest of Border Men
Almost constantly since his debut as A Boy Plainsman," Buffalo Bill's life has been one long era of daring deeds well done, thrilling adventures, deadly peril and an upward climb to fame, fortune, and the writing of his name upon the pages of frontier history as
ne of the greatest of border men.

Daniel Boone. David Crockett, Kit Carson and Fremont are known to all Americans; but the name of Buffalo Bill has spread across every sea to every land, and will ever be indelibly enticed with the pioneer life of the wild west of America.
A quarter of a century ago there was hardly a railroad beyond the Missouri river and all supplies that went to the base of the Rocky Mountains had to be freighted over mountain, plain, and prairie by wagons drawn by sturdy oxen. While every letter and valuable package was borne by the daring pony riders of that day.
Boyhood Days
It was to the man at the head of this gigantic aggregation of wagon train trains stage coaches and pony express riders, Col. Alexander Majors, of the [Illegible] of Russell, Majors & [Illegible], that William F. Cody, then a boy of ten, appealed for work, that he might become a breadwinner aid in the support of his mother and sisters, then living in beautiful Salt Creek Valley near Leavenworth, Kansas.
Mr. [Illegible] Cody had moved with his family [Illegible] the banks of the Mississippi above Davenport, Iowa and built a home in Kansas where [Illegible] after, in the [Illegible] war, he had lost his life at the hands of an [Illegible]. And thus his son, "Little Billy", had become the protector of his mother and sisters.
It was a hard, bitter [Illegible] to train a boy in, that wild life in Kansas, but it made a man of him in deeds ere he had entered his teens, and was the foundation [Illegible] of his career, that led him onward to write his [Illegible] high upon the [Illegible] of fame.
His Start in Life
Having determined to act for himself William Cody rode on his pony to the headquarters of the overland freighters and boldly asked Colonel Majors for Work.
The freighter chief smiled and asked this boy what he could do and why he wanted to go to work.
"I can shoot a rifle and revolver, sir, ride a bucking bronco, and I wish to earn money to support my mother and sisters." Was the reply.
"Bring me a letter from your mother giving her consent to your going with the wagon trains, and if you do the work I lay out for you, you shall have a man's wages." Replied Colonel Majors, impressed by the determined and manly face of the boy.
After much entreaty, Will Cody obtained his mother's consent, and was made a messenger, to ride from wagon train to wagon train, on the westward march, bearing orders, a duty of danger and hardship.
Across the Plains
Soon after, the wagons pulled out for the long trail, loaded with freight for Ge. Albert Sidney Johnston's army, then engaged in what was known as the "Mormon War."
There were a dozen or more separate trains, traveling from twenty-five to forty miles apart, the better to make camps where grass and water could be found for the cattle, and it was from the leading to the rear wagon outfit that William Cody had to make his rides.
As the trail led through a hostile Indian country, there was constant danger on the way, while the hardships were great indeed.
Foundations of His Career
Though the Cody family had traveled overland from Iowa to Kansas, and Billy Cody had thus gained much experience, as a boy. In wild life, the expedition with the freighters to Utah was the real foundation of his eventful career; for his adventures were numerous, and many long months passed ere he again put foot across the threshold of his loved home in Salt Creek Valley.

Educational advantages in those days were crude, and Will Cody preferred a rifle to a, pen a saddle to a book; so, when he signed for his first money earned, be had to make "his mark," and it may be said truthfully that he has been making his mark ever since, only in a different way.

First Earnings
Remembering his mother's distress at his being unable to write, the boy set to work to study and never again allowed his mother to feel the mortification on his account.

When he received his pay for his service he asked to have it in silver dollars; and mounting his horse, rode home a poured the treasure into his mother's lap, an act that made him the happiest boy in Kansas.

His Upward Rise
Thus began the career of William Cody as a "boy plainsman" and from "Little Bill" it became "Wild Will Cody", "Bill Cody the Wagonmaster," "The Pony Express Rider," next "The overland Stage Driver," then the guide, Indian fighter and army scout, at last winning the name of "Buffalo Bill" from his great prowess as a slayer of Buffaloes.

One William Cody entered upon the career for which no man was ever better fitted by nature, in physique, mentally, and in courage and determination of an undaunted kind, as well as through circumstances he was not long in becoming known from north to south and through the east, as well as in the great west, from the headwaters of the Missouri to the Rio Grande, the theater of his adventurous life.

Perfect Type of Plainsman
He possessed the inborn gift of the perfect type of plainsman, leading armies across trackless mountains and plains, through deadly deserts, ferreting out the hostile Indians in their retreats, and standing as a shield between the pioneer settler and his cruel redskin foes. 

Though an Indian fighter terribly feared in battle, he yet gave the redskins his sympathy, and was ever ready to bury the hatchet and extend the hand of friendship to them, thus winning their respect and admiration, and gaining an influence over them no other man ever possessed.

Never known as a "man-killer," William Cody ever avoided personal difficulties, never was known to seek a quarrel or to back down in the face of death, while in the discharge of duty.

An American Knight
He never sought to play hero at the expense of another's life or suffering, and his word no man ever doubted, and it stands today as his bond with all who know him.

Of course, a man lending the life he Has could not but become the hero of romance as well as the man of history - a history of the Land of the Setting Sun, of the Indian wars, that will never be effaced; while the further we get from those days that tried men's souls, the more glamour and greater interest will cling about them, and the light of the heroes of thy border wilt but shine with greater radiance.

Ever courtly in bearing, with no affected mannerisms, generous to his own cost, a man of brains, possessing gratitude to those who have befriended him true to an old comrade as the needle to the pole, he stands today as an American knight.

Wrote His Name Everywhere
When he first began to write his name, he was wont to use the burnt end of a stick, and he wrote it on tents, wagons, in fact, everywhere he could find a place to inscribe it; and it may be that the boy then bad ambitious dreams of making it known throughout the world.

All through his life he was a devoted son and brother, and now, with a wife and two daughters, he is the loving husband and father.

Long ago, little Kit Carson Cody, his only son, died when a small boy, and bitterly fell the blow upon his father, who held great hopes for his son's future.

Then Ora, his second daughter, passed away at [Illegible] Rest ranch, the Cody home in Nebraska, and again a deep grief entered his heart.

His Family 

Today his family consists of his wife and two daughters, Arla (Mrs. [Illegible], of Wyoming) and Irma, who, with her mother, dwells in the handsome Cody mansion in North Platte Nebraska, built in the very [Illegible] over which, in the long ago, William F. Cody, then chief of the scouts, led the United State soldiers in pursuit of the hostile redskin. 

With the endorsement of such famous generals as Sherman, Sheridan, Nelson A. Miles, and a host of others under whom he served. William F. Cody is through his vast wild west enterprise, an educator, for he enacts, in mimic exhibition, the scenes of wild life upon the plains, all of which he has passed through and knows well.

Deserved Fame
In each of his callings he has deservedly won fame - as a boy messenger, pony rider, stage driver, soldier in the civil war, guide, hunter, scout and Indian fighter. He went on the stage as an actor and made a success - and more, made money. He is the only actor who has acted his own role himself.

A fine orator, he impresses an audience with his magnetism as well as his words, for he tells a good story, is witty, and what he has to say he says interestingly. 

Urged by publishers to enter into literature, he has written much that is true to the life of which he knows so much.

An extensive traveler, he has been all over his native land, crossed the ocean several times, and appeared before Queen Victoria and the crowned heads of Europe, always being just what he is. "Buffalo Bill" the American, unspoiled by flattery and the honors heaped upon him.

Known to the Writer
It has been the writer's fortune to know "Buffalo Bill" for thirty years, having first met him on the plains and under circumstances that proved his worth as guide and scout.

At that time, the grain scout had never been east of the Missouri river, and was, indeed, the typical plainsman; and I was not long in discovering in him a bona-fide hero - one that would be a star in romances of the border.

I have seen "Buffalo Bill" lead on hostile trails; have beheld him "in action," so to speak; have followed his lead on darkest nights, over trackless mountain and plain, have slept under the same blanket with him, been with him in danger, hardship, adversity, sorrow and good fortune, and ever found him the same on plaza, plain, in [Illegible], or in the marts of the busy world of civilization, and today, as I know him To have passed the half-century mark in years and hence begun to descend the trail of life, I can still say that he stands before the world, "every inch a man."

Famous Companions
From the earliest settlement of our country, there has hung about the Indian and the border man a certain romantic halo, and the old and round, the grave and the gay, the scholar and the man of little education, have all loved the read of wild life and those who became the heroes of the history of the plain.

There were many boon companions of "Buffalo Bill" - Kit Carson, Wild Bill, Texas Jack, Frank Powell, the surgeon scout, and other scouts, guides and hunters of more or less fame, but William F. Cody justly earned the royal title of the "Kind of Border Men" and the chivalric appellation of "Knight in Buckskin".

How He Won His Sobriquet

It may be interesting to know that furnishing subsistence for thousands of construction employees of the Kansas Pacific Railroad.

He had before made a name as a hunter of big game and from "Will Cody, the Boy Indian Fighter," "The Wild Rider," "Stage Driver of the Rockies," "Soldier Boy Scout" and other names, he drifted into that of "Buffalo Bill," by which he is known the world over, and will live in history, mind and story as one of America's most striking characters.

But to return to his winning his spurs as a buffalo killer: it was, they have said, in his service with the Kansas Pacific Railroad, back in the sixties.

He was engaged, at [Illegible] per month to furnish "beef" for the workmen, and so well did he keep his part of the contract. Notwithstanding untold hardships, deadly dangers and wonderful escapes from the Indians that within the time he was employed, he killed [the number looks to be about 4,000 but most of it is Illegible] buffalos.

Should those buffalos he killed be piled one on top of the other, they would reach two miles into the air, or, laid on the ground, they would extend five miles.

So [Illegible] did the workmen become of buffalo beef, they dreaded the sight of the hunter, and called him "Buffalo Bill," sometimes with a prefix or an addendum by no means complimentary, though decidedly [Illegible].

Government Scout

A record of the personal encounters of "Buffalo Bill" with the Indians during his services for the Kansas Pacific Railroad would fill a volume alone. While his many battles as a government scout would make a large book.

From the following well-known general officers of the United States army, under whom he served and to whom he rendered most valuable service. "Buffalo Bill" has the strongest letters of recommendation and praise: Sherman, Sheridan, Nelson A. Miles, Crock, Custer, Carr, Merritt, Emory, Forsythe, [Illegible], Fry, Royall, Dudley, John H. King; and from governor Thayer of Nebraska, he holds a commission as major-general of the Nebraska National Guard, commanding a brigade of troops from that state in the past Sioux war, and winning special mention from that great soldier and famous Indian fighter, Maj.-Gen. Nelson A. Miles, for distinguished services rendered at the battle of Wounded Knee.

Personal Experiences

In all of the army operations upon the frontier since the sixties, "Buffalo Bill" has been a conspicuous figure and to recount his most valuable aid and services would be to rewrite the pages of the history of our Indian Wars; and children of today know him as a hero, while his scouting expeditions, hunting desperados, encountering with road agents, guiding armies over trackless plains, duels with Indian chiefs, and other numberless adventures, cause many to regard him as bearing a charmed life, as well as having led a phenomenal one.

Today, every army officer and soldier who has served with him upon the frontier is his admirer and friend, and the great scout loves the boys in blue as brothers.

Tru biographies have been written of William Cody - many of them - and yet how very much like [Illegible] they appear to the practical reader, though in truth the half has not been told; for the modesty of the man about his own deeds is one of his greatest charms, and he never cares to talk about himself.

A Famous Ride

A ride that "Buffalo Bill" made on one occasion it may be well to mention here in this short sketch of his life, for it will give an Idea of his wonderful endurance, his skill as a plainsman undaunted courage, and willingness to dare every danger In the discharge of duty. 

It was in the spring of 1868, fit the breaking out of the Indian war of that year that General Sheridan dispatched "Buffalo Bill" from Hays City to Fort Lamed, and in the ride he had a close call from capture by Indians and a race for life. 

Arriving at Fort Lamed, the commandant at once sent the scout back over the sixty-five mile trail to report to General Sheridan the situation there, and it was a desperate gauntlet to run, through hundreds of foes, the ride being made, by night.

General Sheridan was anxious to send dispatches to Fort Dodge, ninety-five miles from Hays City, and as not a scout or courier at the post would venture to go, "Buffalo Bill" volunteered, and off he started without rest, mounted upon a splendid horse.

It seemed miraculous that he got through, but he did so and almost immediately after, started to carry dispatches to Fort Larned, no one else being willing to take the chances.

His Perseverance

Mounted upon a government mule strong, swift and willing to go, he set off and had accomplished half the distance, when, dismounting lo get a drink, his "horse" gave him the slip, and started, riderless, on the trail for Larned.
                   
Just ahead of the scout he kept, every effort to catch him being unavailing, until, after a tramp of thirty-five miles, Larned came in view, and was greeted by his mule-ship with a "horse-laugh" or bray of satisfaction. When, tired out and in an angry mood, "Buffalo Bill" resented the hilarity of the mule
by sending a bullet through his brain. Shouldering the saddle and bridle, the scout continued on the fort, and after a short rest, was again a volunteer to carry dispatched from General Hazen to General Sheridan, which meant another long and desperate ride, but from which he did not flinch. General Sheridan was much surprised to see "Buffalo Bill" appear before him, and learning just what he had accomplished, pronounced it a feat never equaled.

And truly it was, for, besides his enforced walk of thirty-five miles, he had ridden three hundred and [Illegible] five miles in fifty-eight riding hours and through trackless territory, having to [Illegible] and all the time in a hostile Indian country.
Became Chief of Scouts
It was for this feat that General Sheridan made "Buffalo Bill" chief of scouts for the famous Fifth Cavalry, a regiment that turned out for the United States and Confederate armies, respectively, a whole troop of general officers.
With the following extracts from several letters of many received from prominent generals, I will close my biographic sketch of William F. Cody:
"Col. William F. Cody served in my command for several years, was always ready for duty, and a cool, brave man of unimpeachable character. I take pleasure in commending him for the many services he has reendered the army and country, whose respect he enjoys for his many many qualities. - "P. H. Sheridan" "Lieutenant-General"
"The services of William F. Cody to the army and the great west were invaluable" - Nelson A. Miles "Major-General, USA"
"I take pleasure in testifying to the great services rendered by W. F. Cody as a scout in the Sioux Campaign of 1876 - George Cook "Brigadier-General, USA"
In an experience of thirty years on the plains, I have seen a great many guides, scouts, trailers and hunters, and "Buffalo Bill" W. F. Cody, is king of them all. He has served with men in many Indian battles and his services have been invaluable. - Eugene A. Carr "Brevet Major-General, USA"
Such is the man and his record.
