Ligonier Leader December 13, 1883 pg. 8
A Letter From Buffalo Bill. 
Editor Leader:-- As it has become the fashion to make a report of everything that transpires, I take up my pen to relate the thrilling experience that I had some few weeks ago. I don't expect to get this article up in style. I wouldn't if I could. I don't want to excite envy in the gentle hearts of the 'Squire and Scutoff, and I don't want their literary mantle thrown over me in case they lay down their localizing pen. I don't know how to write a local but I can get more wheat out of a pile of straw than any other man in Noble county, and can knock the socks off any merchant in B---when it comes to selling goods cheap; ladies know how pleasant it is to be waited on by a smiling, obliging clerk that can bow like a Lord Chesterfield. [Eureka. I've got it; don't say I can't write a local but look to your laurels, 'Squire.] I have a long had a sort of hankering after a taste of wild life among the pioneers of the west. I felt the wrongs of the red men and longed to avenge them. The mantle of my charity was so broad and lined with the soft ciderdown of brotherly love I wanted to throw it around them.  Well, one day during the Chicago exposition, I kissed my wife and baby, took one long, lingering look in the mirror, (I am a handsome man) and started for the city. I have neither time nor space to tell you the wonderful things I saw there, but all at once I found myself standing by the old deadwood stage that stood behind six of the most dejected looking mules I ever saw. Close behind it stood a handsome man of commanding appearance, with piercing eyes and flowing locks. This was the formidable Buffalo Bill. He blandly informed us that he would like to have a few gentlemen ride in it to represent the passengers. Now here was an opportunity to become famous. It would be something to tell on my return, perhaps prove a flaming advertisement for my stock [call and see my goods,] if they knew I had enjoyed a free ride in that vehicle, and been admiringly stared at by thousands of eyes. Buffalo Bill gave permission for one man to ride with the driver, and eager to oblige him and make myself conspicuous I sprang to the front, but another fellow more lucky, got ahead and took the elevated seat while I stepped inside. I wondered what Mr. Cody meant when he told the guard to "save the passengers if he could" but we started leisurely off, the dejected mules flapping their ears; my heart beat high with gratified vanity; I was happy; elevated is nothing;--I was happy; I never had so many people gazing at me in all my life. I began to think of our lyceum audiences with contempt. I wished I had my fiddle to sing "on the banks of the old Tennessee" for them for I felt as if I wanted to do something for Mr. Cody in return for the personal honor he had shown me. We smoked your cigars and were chatting, when all at once we saw a hundred (I thought a thousand) red devils mounted on ponies and hideous in war paint, bearing down upon us, their fire arms exploding in our very faces. The driver lashed his mules and they flew like greased lighting, their six tails sticking high in the air like comets; the old coach pitched and bounded like a rubber ball until I felt the lower spinal column drove up to my stomach, while my teeth chattered like the bones played by an ethiopian clog dancer; as Sheakespeare says, "my eyes started from their sockets, my hair stood on end like porcupine quills."  I remember I blessed the Brimfield barber for giving it a close cut for they could not hand my scalp lock to their saddle bow even if they got it. Indians, cow boys, mules, yells, shots, smoke. I thought I was in pandemonium (maybe an editor can understand me better if I say h--ll) of all the sick fellows I ever saw the fellow that rode in the driver's seat was the sickest. Guess I was too sick or I would have licked Bill Cody then and there. I came home and used a cushioned chair for a week. Question: Shall Indians have the right of citizenship? I shout no, no, NO. 
Yours Respectfully, 
Buffalo Bill, No. 2. 
