Logansport Daily Reporter July 19, 1910 pg. 6

PROMOTION

HORSES PLAY FOOTBALL: One of the Many Big Features With Buffalo Bill’s Wild West

Football on horseback bids fair to rival polo as a game for horseback riders in this country. The Buffalo Bill Wild West and Pawnee Bill Far East, which comes here Friday, July 29, is demonstrating the sport this year as one of the features of that popular exhibition. It is played by a group of horsemen, trained to expertness in the new “fad” mounted on the lively western ponies which are features with the wild west. 

A large ball, standing as high as an ordinary horse, is used as the “football.” The knees of the ponies are padded and by running into it the ball is thus propelled from goal to goal. Aside form the interest which the game creates, there is a strong element of grotesque comedy in the exhibition. The horses are rigged out after the fashion of the regulation football player, with guards and pads of all sorts, presenting a grotesque appearance. In every way the football horses are interested, and the diversion is proving a great hit with patrons of the wild west exhibition.

The horses play a star part throughout Buffalo Bill’s entire program. Ray Thompson’s trained western range horses are a special feature, and their graceful evolutions are supplemented by the marvelous high school exhibitive feats of Rhoda Royal’s twenty thoroughbreds. Bucking horses, Indian ponies and Arabian steeds are numbered among the equine starts of the wild west, contributing vastly to a program of lively events. 

The big Indian battles, the wild west scenes, and the reproduction of historic events add materially to the distinctive entertainment of which Col. William F. Cody, the original and only Buffalo Bill, is the originator and founder. In all that is presented during the wild west performance, realism and truth prevails. Everything is real and authentic. There is no sham or subterfuge and riding at the head of his galaxy o horsemen, directing the entertainment and appearing at every performance, the real, genuine and only Buffalo Bill appears at every performance, rain or shine for the last time in our city.
