Logansport Daily Reporter July 16, 1910 pg. 3 

PROMOTION

VISTAS OF THE ORIENT: Far East Scenes Which Will Be Presented With the Buffalo Bill

The combination of Buffalo Bill’s Wild West with Pawnee Bill’s Far East marks a new era in out-of-door entertainment; a mélange of contrasts more striking than has ever before been presented to public view. Pictures of western life will be shown in contrast to vistas of the far east and Oriental spectacle will recall the sands of Sahara in the same arena where Indian battles and wester scenes are also depicted. The far east element will introduce many tribes and people from across the sea- Japanese cavalryman, soldiery and athletic experts, jugglers and necromancers; Arabian acrobats, Hindoo takirs, the whirling dervish and men of many climes. Jungle-bred elephants will be see in a musical specialty – ringing bells, pumping organs with their feet, blowing trumpets, and also performing the other wonderful “stunts” that animal trainers are wont to develop through the tractability and intelligence of the elephant. There will be a see of Oriental pageantry, showing the tribes and types of ancient Egypt, the camel caravans of the desert and the splendors of pomp and ceremony to which the Orient is so thoroughly given over. The desert sands will be recalled, the pyramids and Sphinx will loom in the distance, and a scene typical of the far east will be realistically represented in a moving pageant of brilliant costume and coloring. The whole scene will be redolent of the Orient, that land of romance and balmy atmosphere, with its strange people and ancient customs. In verity the Orient will be translated to the Occident and men of two sides of the globe will be on view in scenes and incidents typical of many lands and nations. It is only through the comprehensive character of the Buffalo Bill and Pawnee Bill exhibitions that these contrasts and comparisons can be attained, for in no other entertainment is the wide, wide world represented in actual and authentic suggestion. This double exhibition will make memorable Buffalo Bill’s farewell. He comes Friday, July 29.
