Logansport Journal July 14, 1910 pg. 2
Promotion

MOVING PICTURE MEN OFFER FORTUNE TO HAVE BUFFALO BILL POSE: Schools Rooms to Have Animated Lessons on the West.

Buffalo Bill intends to live for all generations – two hundred years from now our grandchildren’s sons and daughters will look at the famous old scout and plainsman just as he is today – as active and as vigorous in sturdy manhood. 

The cineomatograph, more popularity known as the moving picture, will bring this about, and for all ages and all nations may enjoy knowing America’s historic frontiersman – Buffalo Bill. 

During the present final tour Col. Cody will permit himself and certain portions of the exhibition to be taken by the expert film men. 

Col. Cody, the last of the great plainsmen who pioneered through dangers and hardships to reclaim our vast west from the wilderness, is anxious to perpetrate the history of those arrogant times. No artist or historian can do the subject nearly the justice that it deserves. Buffalo Bill was a prime factor in all that took place, his brain and brawn and steady aim helped achieve the results as they are today. Cody reacts these scenes, all of them striking, vivid, filled with heart interest and thrilling, vital history – his soldiers, the Indians in all their paint and with the same old primitive methods, the cowboys the old stage-coaches, even an actual reproduction of scenic environment – all this Buffalo Bill has with the exhibition today, and its just this that will be saved to posterity by the moving pictures. In years to come no school room will teach the early history of the wild west without showing in actual life the scene of the era and the man who has made American history familiar to every nation – Buffalo Bill. 

Buffalo Bill’s farewell will take place here in a few days. He has gathered together what he terms his best exhibition of Wild West combined with Major Gordon W. Lillie’s (Pawnee Bill’s) Far East. Nearly one thousand men and six hundred horses are with the aggregation this season. Among the most noted features might be mentioned the most sensational and realistic conflict ever enacted in mimic warfare – The Battle of Summit Springs, reproduced with vivid veracity. Then there’s the broncho busting, marvelously thrilling, and the great surly rough-riders: the wonderful herd of buffaloes; the military tournament; feats of horsemanship; wall-scaling, and artillery maneuvers; the breath taking game of football on horseback; Rossi’s Musical Elephants; Johnny Baker, world’s greatest rifle marksman; and an Oriental spectacle of pomp, pageantry and splendors of the romantic Far East. These are but a few of the many spellbinding incidents. 
Col. Cody Will be in the saddle twice daily. He will be you a personal farewell. 
