Logansport Daily Journal Aug. 16 1901

Attractions Promised by Buffalo Bill for His Appearance Here.
The world's events of interest to the public have again been drawn upon by Colonel Cody and Nate Salsbury, and new features added to those which have heretofore made Buffalo Bill's Wild West and Congress of Rough Riders of the World the most popular of all amusement enterprises. There will be just as many Indians, Cowboys, Cossacks, Mexicans, Rough Riders, and more soldiers than ever.

The new features are many and will, the management hope, prove as pleasing to the public as have their former efforts to please and instruct.

A band of Boers direct from the "Veldts" and "Kopjes" of war-worried South Africa; the same big-bearded, brave Rough Riders that have made the names of such fighters as Cronje and DeWet known the world over, will be one of the new offerings.

The celebrated Northwest Mounted Police, whose brave rough riding, redcoated constabulary, who have for years been the guardians of the peace of Canada's vast frontier, will be represented by a squad of the finest specimens of these most interesting soldier constabulary.

A detachment of Canada's crack regiment, the Strathcona Horse, fresh from the South African battlefields; the same who last February, when they visited England en route from South Africa to Canada, were each and every one decorated with medals of honor by England's new king, will appear in the Wild West arena this season.

A spectacular battle scene, "The Taking of Tien-Tsin," by the allied forces, in China, will replace the popular "San Juan Hill." And the whole will be under the direction of and led
by Buffalo Bill as usual.

A crew of men from the Life Saving Service of the United States Government will, by the performance of the life saving drill, illustrate the methods by which death by drowning is averted when ships are driven onto our stormy coast. This will, no doubt, prove a most instructive, interesting and thrilling feature. The date in this city is fixed for next Tuesday, Aug, 20.

