Logansport Journal June 5, 1884 pg. 3
Short Talks with the Boys
My son, I heard you speak of your father the other day as "the old man," and of your mother as "her highness."
What's the matter that you can't refer to them as your father and mother? 
Suppose your parents should speak of you as "the kid", or "the fly?" You'd soon begin to think you had been born in the wrong family. The son who is ashamed of his parents ought to be ashamed of himself. 
Suppose their ways are old fashioned and their grammar a little off, and they don't feel like keeping up with the fashions of the day? Not one father or mother in ten had the advantages you enjoy. Forty or fifty years ago they walked three or four miles to a country school to pick up a little learning, while now you are talking of going to college. They began poor and have toiled and labored and saved for their children. You just remember that things have greatly changed in this country. Years ago a calico dress was seen at church far oftener than a silk. Men went to meeting clad in homespun. The rule in most houses was for the children to stand up to eat. The biggest pieces of pie went to father and mother, and children were not allowed to sit up until 10 o'clock at night, or to argue a question after the head of the family had decided it.
My boy, don't get any foolish notions into your head. If your father is old and gray and bent- if your mother is trembling and weak and has no care for the frivolities of this day, it is toil which has brought these, days of hard work and nights full of anxiety that their children might be spared the same slavish life. Where they wore blue-jeans you have broadcloth. Where they ate johnnycake you have sweet cake a pie. Where their mode of life and forced economy prevented them from enjoying society, amusements or books, just think how you make the shillings fly, and what is offered to interest and amuse you! 
Now let's have a word to say about economy. I've been right among you, and I know that you want this, that and the other, and "want it bad." Up to the time of the war if one of the boys of that day had a dime to spend for Fourth of July, he thought himself well fixed. The boys want about five dollars apiece nowadays, and that's all gone before noon. 
If we got a new book it was considered a great piece of extravagance. The lad who had cash enough to walk into a panoramic exhibition, buy a pair of skates, or treat himself to sweet meats was looked upon by the rest of us as a Jay Gould. 
I'm not saying that you shouldn't have money and use it, but right there is a vital point. Be sure that you really need what you buy. Ask yourself if it will pay? Money is the wheel on which the world moves. Acquire the habit of throwing it after every novelty brought out and you'll by and by have a second-hand museum and no cash to run it. 
I dislike a stingy boy, but when I see a lad plunking his nickels down at the desk of a savings bank I know that he is one of the future men who is going to build our railroads and do our wholesale business. There's a big difference between being stingy and being economical. There finest men of America are liberal in giving to churches, asylums and to the unfortunate, but they never waste. They don't indulge in this or that simply because they have money enough to pay for it.  
Now, if you are about 15 years old you've got a sneaking idea into your head that it's a big thing to use an oath occasionally. You never made a greater mistake! It is true many men use more or less oaths, but I would like to have you find me one who isn't ashamed of it! It's a mean of habit, for it is a habit. I know you can point to the greatest men in the land and prove that they can spit out oaths, but that's no reason why you should follow suit. There isn't a swearer in this country who doesn't feel a quiet satisfaction in […Illegible x5…] with a man whose language is clean and pure. There's nothing manly in using an oath. Swearing is about the first thing you hear from a fool or drunkard, even a heathen can swear. 
Now, don't get the idea that I want you to be too good. The too good boy is a nuisance. He was born to be an angel, but they forgot to spike on the wings. Go to the circus? Certainly! I know there are people in this world who look upon a circus as the next thing to a visit from old Satan himself, but they ought to have lived forty years ago. If you were my boy I'd walk you in, show you every animal and curiosity, and then we'd take a reserved seat and see the circus. When a man has trained a horse or mule or dog to obey him with almost human intelligence he has proved to you the practical value of patience and perseverance. Every shade of men will stop on the street to see a man lift, or to watch a jumping match. Then why deprive you of the sight of the performance of an athlete, who has spent years to bring his strength and agility to perfection? 
Would I take you to the theater? To a good play- yes; to a Buffalo Bill barn-storming hurrah- no. Five plays out of seven are healthy in sentiment, and point a moral so plainly that even a child can catch on. 
I want my boy to rub against every day life a little while he is a boy. If he has the idea that a hunter's life is full of juicy buffalo steaks and victories over grizzlies I'm going to send him into the woods for a week to live on woodchuck meat, carry a cold in his head and be jumped out of his boots the first time an owl hoots. If he asks for money I'm going to give it to him, but I want to sit down of a Saturday night and see how he spent it, and show up some of his foolish bargains. If he wants to sail the bounding billow I know of a lake captain who will take him on a trip from Detroit to Saginaw, and if he can't cure him in just one voyage nobody else need try. 
Sit down and talk to your boy as you would to your brother. Don't bulldoze because you happen to be his father and have the bulge on him. Argue and reason. Don't expect to make assertions and have him swallow them as gospel truths unless you have backing. Teach him what to avoid and what to cultivate and turn him loose for a while. If he seeks the good he has the right instincts; if he runs after the bad, don't walk him into the woodshed for a pounding until you have asked yourself if he doesn't come naturally by that failing. -M.Quad in Detroit Free Press  

