Logansport Daily Reporter July 12, 1910 pg. 5

PROMOTON

BUFFALO BILL’S GOODBYE: This Will Be Old Scout’s Last Appearance Here

The combined forces of Col. Cody’s original exhibition the Wild West and Pawnee Bill’s story of the Far Est with its primitive peoples on the same one as regards human interest, have been unite together, and must naturally give a very interesting exhibition on the occasion of Buffalo Bill’s farewell to each city that he now visits. At the close of the season of 1911, he will positively retire to private life to look after his many personal interest in the northwest. While still in good condition and fully able to stand the fatigue incidental to months of continuous night travel and daily performances, he has no doubt wisely decided to withdraw and enjoy the rest and comfort while he may. 

While Col. Cody will be missed, which goes without saying, the public will not lose this standard exhibition which will be continued in the field with Col. Cody as adviser, so that the rising generation will continue to receive lessons of the old life when the west was wrested from savagery and utilized to the immense advantage of the white race. On this occasion an extraordinary interesting program will be presented.

With the four open air melodramas an Oriental spectacle, and a hose of reckless horsemen on western bronchos there will be a genuine atmosphere of the open plains, rugged frontier and desert life in the exhibition to be given in this city by Buffalo Bill’s Wild West and Pawnee Bill’s Far East. There will be scenes of peace and warfare combined in to one of the scenic features, the wagon train, which will show the pasttimes of the plainsman and cowboy, and will end in a vigorous Indian attack upon the whites, a repulse and final route of the red men. The battle of Summit Springs will be the leading feature of the entertainment. In this scene one of the deciding conflicts in Indian warfare will be reproduced with Buffalo Bill re-enacting the role which he originally played in the battle – the death, at his hands of Chief Tall Bull, and the utter defeat of the Indians. The roughriders will display various feats of horsemanship. There will be a quadrille on horseback bronchos and mustangs in displays of difficult ticks; there will be “broncho busting” and many other forms of accomplished horsemanship by riders gathered from the Far East and once Wild West. IN every way the exhibition will uphold its standard as an open-air entertainment and at every performance Buffalo Bill will be in the saddle at the head of his company, direct