Logansport Daily Reporter July 29, 1910 pg. 1

PROMOTION

PAWNEE BILL TALKS OF SELF: Interviewer Passes Up Buffalo Bill For Him

REAL BUSINESS HEAD: He Has Had Almost as Picturesque a Career as Cody – Talk Interestingly of Daily Routine of the Show

Much has been said about Buffalo Bill, but very little has been told about his partner, “Pawnee Bill,” and this morning after the Buffalo Bill’s Wild West, and Pawnee Bill’s Far East shows had arrived in the city, and had located on the West Side, a Daily Reporter scribe went over to the grounds and sought Major George W. Lillie, who is best known as “Pawnee Bill.” In the course of his rounds,. He met and was introduced to “Buffalo Bill,” who is making his farewell tour of the country, and after a few moments chat with the famous old scout continued his search for “Pawnee Bill.” He was found in the center of the arena, directing the work of construction. There was not a thing spectacular in the appearance or manner of the man, but his career however, has been almost as exciting and picturesque as that of Colonel Cody.

I: “Say! How did you get the name of “Pawnee Bill?” he was asked.

PB: “Why, you see,” said the quiet little man, his calm brown eyes looking straight into those of the interviewer. “I was one of the original Oklahoma boomers.” In fact, I guess I am almost the only one of those prominent in that movement who is living today. I was run out of the territory at the back of a cart-tail, ahead of a squad of United States cavalry, but I went back to Pawnee, and still live there.”

I: “Have you any business besides the Buffalo Bill-Pawnee shows?” 

PB: “Yes,” he replied in an offhand manner, “I am president of the Arkansas Valley National bank of Pawnee, Oklahoma.” And he produced a number of new five-dollar bank notes of that institution, signed in red ink: “G. W. Lillie, (Pawnee Bill), president.” 

Few showman can sign their own notes.

“Then, too,” he continued coolly surveying a group of cowboys who were tormenting a Cossack, and motioning them to stop, which they did at once like a lot of school boys, catching the eye of the teacher, “I used to be government interpreter for the Pawnee Injuns.”

I: “How any Indian dialects do you know?”

PB: “Let’s see. Twenty-two? Twenty-three? No, twenty-four!”

I: “What do you do with the show?”

PB: “Everything except play in it. I guess. I run the business end myself. I have to know every man and beast in the outfit, personally, and I guess, I can tell you exactly what salary each man gets. I sign all of the checks myself.”
I: “Who keeps track of the supplies?”

PB: “Why, I do that myself,” said the major. “I know just how many pounds of paint are necessary to cover the wagons, and I look after all the details of equipping the trains. I test the quality of every blanket before we buy it. I have to know the cost of grub for men and critter in every town we visit, and there are many of them.” 

I: “How many people do you feed in your grub tent?”

PB: “Oh about 900 every day.”

I: “Do you know how many pounds of food it takes to feed them?” 

PB: “I should say I do. I have to. That is a big item of expense. It takes 600 pounds of beef, 350 pounds of pork, 500 of mutton and lamb, 100 pounds of coffee, 400 gallons of milk, 900 loaves of bread a day, etc. I plan all the meals with the head cook each day. I have to keep in close touch with the show doctor too, I think if you feed…”

Logansport Daily Reporter July 29, 1910 pg. 5 Cont..

 “PAWNEE BILL” TALKS OF SELF

PB: “…men well and look after them when they are sick, they appreciate it and work their best for you.”

I: “What are your daily expenses?”

PB: “It costs about $4,200 a day to run the show on the average.”

I: “And how much do you take in?”

PB: “Well, last year, for instance, we took in nearly $2,000,000.”

I: “Are the terms commensurate with the outlay?”

PB: “That depends on the season. The weather has a great deal to do with it. If it is bad, we lose.”

I: “Do you still have to fight your way into a town or out of it with the show?”

PB: “No, those days have gone by now. We carry a lawyer with us now instead of a wallop.”
