Logansport Journal July 20, 1910 pg. 6

Promotion

LOGANSPORT ONE DAY ONLY FRIDAY, JULY 20: Grounds, “Kennedy’s Circus Ground”

The scroll of fame bears no names more illustrious than those of men who have devoted their lives to the advancement of mankind. What nobler mission could there be than to give pleasure, education and amusement to one’s fellow man? To have given to the world original, ingenious, historic and elevating entertainments is quite enough to command lasting fame for the originators, founders and perpetuators of…

Buffalo Bill’s Wild West and Pawnee Bill’s Far east who now announce Buffalo Bill’s last visit to this city as no return dates will be made, and like the history he has been telling for nearly a third of a century which is Past and gone, so will the Old Scout soon linger only as memory. Col. Wm. F. Cody “Buffalo Bill,” Ex-Chief of Scouts, U.S. Army, pioneer, plainsman, hunter, guide and Indian fighter, has for more than a quarter of a century gained fame across two hemispheres through exhibiting his historic exposition of early days in the Western wilds. Maj. Gordon W. Lillie, “Pawnee Bill,” has contributed to the allied entertainment authentic pictures of the Orient shown in animated tableaux, depicting the tribes and people, custom and costumes of the romantic Far East, and thus displaying in contrasting pictures, authentically correct, both sides of the earth.

From the historic scenes and incidents depicting pioneer days and frontier strife on our own rolling prairies, with vistas of barbaric war and forays, the scene shifts to the sands of the Sahara, its camel cavalcades and “Ships of the Desert,” with the Pyramids and Sphinx, the tribes of the Soudan and the gorgeous splendors of an oriental spectacle. 

In the entire exhibition there is no sham or subterfuge; it is absolutely original, authentic and true to fact. Its predominating characteristic is genuineness; everything presented is realism itself. Every horseman is the hero he represents. The art he employs is the lesson of a lifetime. The garb he wears is the uniform of the nation or tribe that gave him birth. In every particular it is emphatically historic and genuine. 

Directing every detail of the exhibition and positively appearing at every performance the last of the great scouts, the last of the plainsmen-warriors who redeemed the Western wilds for the onward march of civilization and commerce rides the hero-horseman, the last of the great scouts and pathfinders Col. Wm. F. Cody the only and original Buffalo Bill with his Roughriders of the World showing all kinds of horsemanship from the Wild Bucking Broncho’s to Rhoda Royal’s 20 trained horses. 

Indian Battle Scenes. Thrilling Western Episodes. Brilliant Far Eastern Displays, Range of Sports and Pastimes. Selected from All Around the Glove. Numerous New and Standard Gems. Football Playing Horses. Mexican Rurales and the Famous Cowboy Band. Rossi’s Musical Elephants. Wondrously trained Mammoths which play organs, blow horns, ring bells and produce harmonious music in perfect time and tune. And Ray Thompson’s Trained Range Horses.

Realism Runs Rampant. During three hours of Object-taught lessons in American History: a school of Manliness, an academy of Equestrianism and an Exhibition of Oriental Splendors. The only object, teacher history has ever known. The only School of Instruction the Amusement World has ever maintained. Combining the story of a Nation’s Glory with the Benefits of Open-Air Entertainment; an incentive to manliness and an Inspiration to Young America. In short, a peerless pageant of pleasure. 

Two exhibitions daily, 2 and 8 P.M. rain or shine. Admission (including seat) 50 cents. All seats protected from sun and rain by immense waterproof canvas canopy. Grand stand chairs (including admission) $1.00. Children under 9 years half price, on sale day of exhibition at down town ticket office, W.H. Porter and Co.’s Drug Store, Cor. 3th and Market. 
