Logansport Weekly Journal September 1, 1883 pg. 8
A New York correspondent of a Chicago paper writes: Just now on the Square there may frequently be seen a grotesque figure of a man in a queer country-looking clothes, fairly hung with diamonds. They gleam on his fingers, they sparkle on his bosom, they glitter on his watch chain, and when he consults his watch, as he does every five minutes, he takes out a chronometer incrusted with diamonds. This is "Alvin Joslyn," Charles Davis- one of the poorest actors that ever faced the footlights, and about as successful a manager as they make. He has a terrible piece and a dreadful company, but his printing surpasses the combined efforts of Buffalo Bill and Barnum. Speaking of Buffalo Bill, that worthy is doing a good business over in Brooklyn, and next week he will be at the polo grounds in New York. The show had a great time in Connecticut lately; they had the fair grounds for two days and took over $5,000. The interpreter traveling with the Indians in the party is simply idolized by the savages, and when one of their number addicted to fire-water got on a rampage in Hartford and attempted to shoot the beloved middle man, the chief drew himself up and hurled a tomahawk at the offender, who dexterously caught it in the folds of his blanket. Nothing daunted, the valiant old chieftain caught another from the waist of a subject and this time buried it in the neck of the refractory Injun, nearly cutting his head off. This savage is now attacking the old stage coach over in Brooklyn at 4 o'clock every afternoon with a necktie in surgeon's plaster about his Indian reservation. Old Pop Whittaker, who was master of ceremonies at the Sullivan and Slade festival, and who possesses a voice like a steam calliope, in the explanatory medium of Buffalo Bill's show. He gives a succinct account of the old coach in stentorian tones and then starts it by giving the guard and driver their instructions to stick to the coach as long as the harness holds together and use their pistols in case of an attack. Away rambles the old coach, which has been through actual battle and is bullet-holed in every direction, upon whose box a driver was once shot, and in whose seats inside many a passenger paid for his journey with his life. The coach in these afternoon exhibitions is filled with newspaper men, if the reporters will consent to act as passengers. At the three-quarter pole form out an ambush rushes the party of fifty attacking Indians in full war paint and a fierce and desperate attack with blank cartridges commences. Then up rides Dr. Carver and Buffalo Bill, the rescuing party, and some tremendous firing takes place. The Indians are put to route and the stage coach comes lumbering up to the judge's stand, and with great excitement the passengers alight. One of the, with his head tied up, is lifted out. This is the desperately wounded man, and another is removed stuff and stark, that being the one dead, in the report. This affair is supplemented by some fine exhibitions of fancy shooting and lassoing of the deer and buffalo. The troup travels with 150 head of animals and nearly 100 men. The Indians live in tents and cook camp fashion, and they travel in cars of their own. Thus far it is the best playing amusement on the road." 
