Logansport Daily Reporter July 13, 1910 pg. 3

PROMOTION

“GRIM VISAGED WAR”: Realistic Battle Scenes Will Be Seen With Buffalo Bill’s Wild West

“The Battle of Summit Springs,” will be the chief scenic feature with Buffalo Bill’s Wild West and Pawnee Bill’s Far East when it exhibits in this city July 29. It was in this conflict that Col. William F. Cody (Buffalo Bill) killed Tall Bull and thus turned the tide of victory for the government forces. This battle was the collimating result of a long campaign of trailing and scouting by a force of U.S. Cavalry under command of General E. A. Carr, with Buffalo Bill as chief of scouts. Under Tall Bull a large band of renegade Indians – Arapahoes, Sioux and Cheyennes – had been committing depredations throughout western Nebraska and eastern Colorado for several years. It was on July 11. 1869, that Buffalo Bill discovered the “Dog Soldiers,” as the Indians were called, in camp at Summit Springs, near the western border of Nebraska. He guided the government forces to the scene and engineered a surprise attack which resulted in the utter rout of the redskins and the practical extermination of Tall Bull’s followers. In reproducing the battle of Summit Springs with the Wild West and Far East historic facts will be followed with careful detail. The death of Tall Bull will be re-enacted with Buffalo Bill playing his original role. General E. A. Carr will be impersonated and the other prominent officials of the U.S. Cavalry detachment will also be shown by representation. Other scenic features of the big exhibition will be reproductions of the incidents which marked the conquest of the western wilds. They will be given with historic accuracy and will show the dangers and hardships incident to the discovery and settlement of the fertile western fields. There will also be a congress of rough riders with the exhibition and an entertainment of exhilarating interest is assured. Colonel Cody’s coming visit will be his last personal appearance in the saddle in our city. 
