Logansport Reporter Aug. 23 1907 pg 1
Reminiscences of Wild West
EXEMPLIFIED IN BUFFALO BILL'S WILD WEST.
FAMOUS SHOW ARRIVED TODAY
Stirring Events of Frontier Days Were Truthfully Portrayed by Buffalo Bill's Cowboys and Indians.

Buffalo Bill came to Logansport today with sixty-five freight cars, 750 people and 550 horses. Hundreds saw the show unload and went to the lot and saw the tents erected.

Do you remember the time when fairy tales appealed to you as one of the most important things of life's happiness? Do you remember the time when you heard of the bad red skin and the brave white man in desperate fights on the vast prairies? Of course you do, because not one person with a spark of humanity, would ever forget those things; and don't you feel happy when they are recalled to your memory? You like to hear others talk of them and you like to tell them to your children, not only for the sight of their interested expression, but also for your own special benefit. You like to write about it in letters. Hence today will be a happy day among thousands of persons, for the hero of their childhood days, and a true hero at that, is in this city.

Yes, Buffalo Bill, the hero of a hundred fights, the one who has been admired by young and old, has arrived with more than one hundred Indians and a congress of rough riders, consisting of more than fifteen different nationalities, the great wild west, the only wild west in the world which has been honored by the presence of twenty retired generals of the United States army.

Illustrating this period, Buffalo Bill has reproduced a battle scene which has been deemed by officers of this city as one of the most realistic scenes of its kind that has ever been put in the arena. Indians fall from their horses as if shot, and white soldiers fall prone to the ground with even the expression of death agony on their faces. An Indian camp is seen with all the details of Indian life, which only Buffalo
Bill can give. Indians chant their weird songs and even the Great War dances are seen.

It is all like the days of old, when such things were far more serious than they seem at the present day, when it was a matter of hundreds being massacred instead of hundreds going to an exhibition, when children saw their mothers and fathers murdered and sister saw their brothers carried off only to meet some terrible death, but there is a change to the show and the horrible times of old are not dwelt on with horror but with interest.

To increase the interest in the exhibition. Colonel Cody has added to his show Abou Hammad's acrobats and their wonderful performances always elicit great outbursts of applause. It thralls to see the whirling dervish and wonder is expressed when he turns a somersault after turning round and round for more than ten minutes. Then there are the wonderful feats of the veterans of the United States cavalry in their bareback riding, the drill of the military, tent pegging by Irish lancers and sword tilting by men of the Kaiser's, body guard. A great feature of the exhibition is the drill of the Devlin zouaves, who when the show was in Europe were the wonder of many armies. Another number replete with interest in this scene Joe Bailey, the trained dy's ranch in Wyoming is pictured. In this scene Joe Bailey, the trained horse of Ray Thompson, makes its appearance. The sense of his animal is startling. It picks up a handkerchief and hands it to Thompson; it dances a cake walk dances on three legs, and then amid much applause, bows on its bended knees to the applauding thousands. All the Indians appear in the true war paint and feathers, and nothing in the way of expense, been spared to make the exhibition as realistic as possible.

