Logansport Journal February 19, 1884 pg. 4
Long Locks and Lucre.
Buntline and Buffalo Bill---The Dakota Devil Doctor's Doings.
["Uncle Bill" in Chicago Herald.]
It must not be concluded that every man who deliberately makes himself ridiculous is actuated by vanity. Long hair as often means shrewd business calculations as it does a coxcomb desire to force attention. The lecturing pro-pounder of new and strange religious theories, the traveling quack in medicine, the border scout on eastern exhibition- all these would lose their financial strength if their looks were shorn. William F. Cody, known as "Buffalo Bill," is a man who is no such fool as to let his hair fall on his shoulders if it didn't pay him to do so. I have heard him spoken of as an egotistical ass. He may be an egoist, but he has good horse sense enough to turn his reputation into dollars. His fortune came by chance. He used to be a scout on the plains, with no more than the average merit or prosperity of his numerous class. Ned Buntline was then a prolific writer of fiction to put into yellow covers. Many of his hasty and lurid tales related to far western life, with which he was familiar. He knew Buffalo Bill, and made him the hero and title of a novel full of unreasonable adventures. 
That publication was the first of a long series of stories, by him and others in which wondrous scouts were set as gods for boys to worship. Buntline got $500 for his invention, and the same for each new application of the discovery. It was the original Buffalo Bill, upon whom his fiction was such an improvement, who got the fortune. He saw the opportunity at once, and lost no time in going on the stage as impersonator of himself. Realism took the place of mimicry, though not half so artistic, and he has made money rapidly and steadily ever since. Poor Buntline tried to reap some of the harvest by shoving himself behind the footlights, but the country cared nothing about him, and his venture failed. Buffalo Bill is considerable of a drinker, but by no means a drunkard. He has a great many acres of prairie and a huge bank account to console him to trying to act without being able to, and for his long hair, which he especially despises. I heard him in conversation a short time ago with a young man whom it is not necessary to explicitly name further than to give his professional title of Dakota Devil Doctor. The two were introduced: 
"What are you going to do next summer?" the doctor asked. 
"Oh, I'm going out again with my out-door show of 'Life on the Plains.' I've engaged a fresh lot of Indians, and shall sweep everything before me. I don't have any opposition in my line, you know."
"I suppose not," was the response, "and yet I'm somewhat in your way myself. We ran across each other last summer. Don't you remember the Dakota Devil Doctor's camp? I shall elaborate the scheme this year. There will be a dozen genuine Dakota Indians, with costumes, tents, weapons, and so on- all correct.  We will pitch our camp in the suburb of a town, have a medicine dance every evening, draw a crowd in that way, and not charge a cent for the show. An important portion off the spectacle will be a campfire with a kettle over it. There we will boil herbs with a heap of nonsensical ceremony and bottle the product. I will figure as a scout and tell the people how I discovered the savages and their wonderful medicine. I'll dilate on the mystic potency of the cure-all, and declare that all my inducements have failed to extract the secret of its ingredients; so I have take the makers on a tour of the country as the only method of dispensing the stuff. Dollar a bottle, and sold like hot cakes. Did well on a brief trip last summer, and bound to make a fortune next." 
"I remember the snap," said Buffalo Bill, "but what's become of your hair?"
"It's in my trunk." 
"Cut it off?"
"No- unhitched it. I wear a wig when made up for a scout. I'm a medical student winters, here in New York, and I don't propose to be a guy except when paid well for it." 
"But don't folks drop onto the wig?"
"Not at all. My front hair shows, and the bogus is mixed in, top of my head. Detection impossible." 
"Blessed if I don't do the same thing." 
Whether the long hair of Buffalo Bill will hereafter be false I do not know, but he surely was taken with the idea of looking like ordinary men when off duty. 
