Logansport Daily Tribune July 20, 1910 pg. 3

Promotion

CIRCUS PRESS AGENT? NO EDUCATION MISSIONARY

Major John M. Burke, educational missionary, is in the city in the interest of the people of Logansport. 

Major Burke is the representative of the wild west and far east shows with which the farewell visit of Col. W. F. Cody (Buffalo Bill) is scheduled to appear in Logansport on July 29.

The old major objects strenuously at being termed a press agent or a circus agent, as he says Buffalo Bill’s shows are not a circus, as has been proved in the courts of Texas.

“The shows put on by Buffalo Bill and Pawnee Bill are realities,” declares the major, “and how can they be classed with exhibition of superficialities?
I am a missionary for the enlightenment of the people and the shows scheduled for exhibition here the 29th are a collection of realities arranged for the education of the people. 

No life span of man has witnessed such general world progression as that which has passed in the last fifty or sixty years, the last thirty being especially prolific in wonders. For instance, in 1881 Col. Cody (Buffalo Bill) was gathering together wild horses of the plains; also famous Indians just from off the war path, with white contemporaries, such as plainsmen, hunters, cowboys and army scouts, to visit the east for mutual advantage; the Indian seeing the overwhelming numbers and the immensity of the white man’s domain and the white men of the east enlightened on the subject and educated to a better understanding of the dawning peace in and the agricultural possibilities of the grandest part of the empire, then known as the wild west. In that same year, 1881, Thomas A. Edison, who had invested the paper carbon lamp, had the world wondering if he would be capable to or had really subdivided the electric light, succeeded in illuminating his house, fields and garden around it with this now illimitable industrial factor. At the same time Grahm Bell had perfected and was arranging to have the first ‘central telephone bureau in Pear street, near Fulton, N.Y.
 
To the present generation how simple, how familiar, how facile to comprehend the now known difficulties once so hidden, yet how easy to find fault with, testifying indeed that ‘familiarity breeds contempt.’ What are wonders and miracles to one generations are matters of slight importance to another. Just think of the millions of telephones in the world, the electoral wireless talking through air; night made as light as day; in fact, $6,000,000,000 invested in this country alone in the application of a science that is yet an infant. The men who were factors in bringing about these great results have retired or are about to finish their labors, and for the same reason that prompts Col. Cody (Buffalo Bill), who, like them, can look back with pride and pleasure to the illuminating of untraveled ignorance on the subject he has made familiar and who can see the glorious work resulting from the strenuous labors and duties he is about to resign. Development of the vast country, once supposed to be a desert, has proven of inestimable value and added as greatly to the wealth of the world as has the results of the labors of his coadjutors in this work of enlightenment during the thirty-year era of the spirit of light. Col. Cody bids you farewell on this, his last visit to your city, when he will present the combined history and splendors of the wild west and far east.” 
