Logansport Reporter Aug. 2 1901

The Capture of Pekin

New Spectacular Innovation Introduced in Buffalo Bill's Show.

It has not been long since Buffalo Bill and his Wild West aggregation were in this city. At that time, it will be remembered, that a spectacular production of the battle of San Juan was given. It was an imposing sight and pronounced one of the most elaborate affairs that has been seen in the open air. This year Messrs. Cody and Salsbury announce that they have, after much detail, succeeded in placing a successor to that famous Santiago scene, which is acknowledged to be the most elaborate war diorama that any amusement purveyors have ever attempted. It is called the Battle of Tien-Tsin or the Capture of Pekin. In this enormous production the allied powers of the United States, England, Germany, "France and Russia are seen to assemble in grand review previous to the battle. Side by side, shoulder to shoulder, Step-by-step, the allied armies advanced to the conflict' at Tien-Tsin. in the same friendly spirit of rivalry begotten by the mimic warfare of this character inaugurated by Col. W. F, Cody (Buffalo Bill) under whose direction the entire entertainment is supervised.

Having in this remarkable manner anticipated history (in connection with the great realistic production of the historical past of America) it seems fitting that the most stirring events of that unique campaign of the allied forces should now take its place as a leading feature of this year's educational exhibition, and that a powerful, realistic and stirring representation of the Battle of Tien-Tsin be presented to the public in order to round out this great historical record of the last century's remarkable achievements. It is more than appropriate that this should be the grateful task of this organization. Since it is the only one which includes in itself the personnel of the various armies of the allied forces and is thus enabled to present accurately the uniformed and equipped soldiery, veteran members of the various armies engaged in that campaign, in all "the glittering pomp and circumstance of an army with banners." This elegant production will be included in. the performance given here on August 20.

