Logansport Daily Reporter July 20, 1910 pg. 1

PROMOTION

MAJ. BURKE SAYS HE IS TO BLAME: DEAN OF PRESS AGENTS CAUSE OF BUTLER’S MARRIAGE

BUTLER WANTED TO FLY: Talked Him Out of It – Marriage Was Result – Sorry Now, as Butler Might Have Escaped by Getting Killed

“Yes, it’s true,” exclaimed Major John M. Burke, press agent for Buffalo Bill’s Wild West and Pawnee Bill’s Far East shows, which come to Logansport Friday, July 29.

“That’s the answer to the first thing that you are going to as me,” exclaimed the genial major, as he came into the office this morning and thrust out his hand to renew an acquaintanceship of several years’ standing. “Yes, its true – Butler is married. And do you know, I feel responsible for the awful catastrophe. My conscience kind of troubles me, and I suppose that I will have to answer for it some day. St. Peter will probably turn down my credentials at the golden gate.”

“Well, you see it was like this, Butler, who I understand used to work on the Daily Reporter at one time, is one of the best circus advance men in the business, and last spring he got the aviation bee in his bonnet, and made arrangements to attend the Wright school of aviation in Dayton, Ohio. Realizing the great danger of aerial flights, and desiring that Butler go on tour with us again this year, I prevailed upon him to give up high flying and stick to earth and Buffalo Bill. I did not have much fear that he would be killed, for I believe that no matter what might occur to an aeroplane in which Butler was riding, he is filled with sufficient hot air to keep him afloat. What I wanted was to keep him in the circus business.”

“And now what does he do!” said the major, brushing away suspicious moisture which welled in the corner of his eyes. “He falls in love with a pretty little Kansas City girl and marries her. It

S awful! – I never married – and cannot conceive how Butler got the nerve enough to try it the second time. I’ve never been able to get up courage to do it once.” 

Major Burke then sobbed audibly, and used his handkerchief industriously. “And to think that I kept him from becoming an aviator. There is a possibility that he might have fallen and broken his neck. That would have been preferable to marriage – nothing, even death, would be worse. But for me he might be singing with the angels, instead of saying ‘Yes, dear, I’m coming,’ Oh, it’s awful.” And still sobbing, the grand old man o’ press agents, walked slowly out of the office.
