Logansport Daily Tribune July 30, 1910 pg. 1

Reception

COL. CODY MAKES HIS FINAL BOWS FOR LOGANSPORT: Famous Indian Scout Greets Two Big Audiences Yesterday With His Wild West Congress

Rain fails to make impression on crowd. 

Police have little work; one man loses roll and two others get drunk; show goes to Lafayette today.

Buffalo Bill, the famous, has come and gone and now he will come no more – if what the press notices said of his appearance were true. 

The last appearance of the old scout in Logansport with his ever novel and exciting aggregation of frontier life talent passed as many other circus days have passed with crowds, red and blue rubber balloons and pink lemonade in abundance. 

The show which compared favorably with former years was greeted by two capacity filling audiences a testimonial of general approval. 

The rain which descended in the morning and in the evening seemed to have little effect and there was a remarkable number of persons from the rural districts in the city considering the busy harvesting season. 

The features of the Wild West Congress were little changed from other years. The same herd of buffaloes trotted around the enclosure to be shot at with blank cartridges; Indians made the same attack on the same old stage-coach and cow-punchers, Cossacks and cavalrymen roped and road in the same old way.

Buffalo Bill, by which name Col. Cody has and always will be known, received an ovation at both performances when he rode into the enclosure and addressed the audiences. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, I want to present to you the congress of the rough riders of the world,” was all he said.
 
The circus came here from South Bend and was handled out to Lafayette last night. No parade was given yesterday morning notwithstanding which fact, large crowds assembled on the streets. The show tents were pitched on the Kennedy grounds on the Westside.

To the police the circus brought the usual number of reports of minor thievery and misdemeanor. Chas. Shaff of New Waverly was the principal loser. He reported being robbed of $80 on a Wabash Valley traction car. He said he took out his money to pay his fare and put it back to find his roll missing when he reached this city.

Two men claimed to be circus followers were arrested for intoxication. 
