Madison Daily Democrat June 2, 1894 pg. 3
High Bear Takes a Bride 
Tasina Waken Becomes Mrs. Holy Blanket for Vocal Convenience 
New York, June 2- High Bear, a Sioux Indian, who is connected with Buffalo Bill's show in South Brooklyn, took a bride. 
The woman's name was Tasina Waken, but as a matter of vocal convenience the other members of the Wild West congregation denominate her Holy Blanket. She wore a blue blanket and an Indian smile. Mrs. Holy Blanket had been a widow. Her first husband was one of the Indian braves who thought Sitting Bull ought to preside at the White House, and it required a white man's bullet to convince him of the contrary. Mrs. Holy Blanket is about the shape and apparent consistency of a boiled apple dumpling, and enough yellow ochre had been smeared over countenance to make it look like a Gowanus sunset. 
High Bear stepped out in front of his wigwam in the wild west village and bravely faced a line of warriors, in front of which stood the bride. Three braves with tom-toms and high C voices sent out a peal of discord toward Canarsie, and the wedding was off to a good start. 
Flat Iron, the only big medicine man Buffalo Bill has in his show, stepped forward and gave the bride away, and Rev. Lloyd of the Reformed church, Brooklyn, read the Protestant marriage service. No one kissed the bride. 
After it was all over Rocky Bear, the bridegroom's best man, stepped in Indian style to the center and announced that as High Bear had no ponies present to give away he would present $2 to those who had been kind enough to furnish singing for the occasion. Then all the Indians scaled a barbwire fence to join in a love dance where there was a little open ground with a puddle in the middle of it. 
The dance, which seemed to be a cross between a two-step and an Oxford minuet, might have been a success had not a bugler from a neighboring tent just then announced that dinner was ready. The festivities straightway broke up in confusion, Mrs. High Bear and her spouse leading the way to the festal board. 

