Madison Daily Democrat 8 September 1897 (same article as Greencastle Banner and Times 18 September 1897)
Told About Buffalo Bill 
Attempts have been made to prove that Robert Fulton did not discover the power of steam, that Morse was not the inventor of telegraphy, that the telephone did not originate with Edison, that Shakespeare's plays were written by Francis Bacon, and that Buffalo Bill isn't Buffalo Bill. The last named attempt was the maddest of all. If there ever was a man called Buffalo Bill, he was not known through the west when that title was conferred upon W. F. Cody, and to this day he has never come to the front to assert his claim.
There is but one Buffalo Bill. And he is the most widely known American today, living or dead. The quantity of prose and poetry, history and fiction, that has been printed about him in books, magazines and newspapers, if measured up, would undoubtedly exceed the printed matter published concerning any historical character, with possibly the solitary exception of Napoleon Bonaparte. 
In his poem "Columbia to Buffalo Bill," Hugh Westmore, the western poet, mentions the fact that on his European tour Buffalo Bill received homage from countries that "bowed not to Bonaparte's sway," meaning, of course, the British kingdom particularly. 
Buffalo Bill was honored by the nations of Europe but the queen of England tried hard to outdo all the other crowned heads by the attention which she showed he distinguished American. Her majesty showered diamonds upon him, and it is said that the queen found but one fault with the recent jubilee celebration, and that was on account of the absence of the celebrated scout. 
One of the questions which has caused many a dispute is Buffalo Bill's age. One frequently overhears the assertion made that this knight of the plains has been before the public for sixty years. There is no excuse for this mistake. He was born in 1848, and at the age of ten years, in 1858, show his first Indian. This heroic act, which helped materially to save himself and companions from massacre, made him famous, and chroniclers have never wearied of writing about him from that day to this. 
He is still under fifty, and if his hair is touched by frost, it is the result of commencing very young, enduring excessive hardships. 
The world knows him as pony express rider, freighter, stage-driver, trapper, hunter, soldier, scout, marshal, justice of the peace, legislator, and educator- for his congress of rough riders was organized originally by Col. Cody with the laudable intent to enlighten the world in regard to the then unknown empire of the west- but much that would prove interesting remains to be written regarding that period of his life which was the brightest to him, before his mother died, while he was acting as the sole protector of his widowed mother and his baby sisters. The fond mother was wont to predict that her son would one day be the president of the United States. Could she have lived she would have had the gratification of seeing him decline a nomination to the United States senate, and to have read in a hundred western journals a proposal to run him for the highest office in the land. If that heroic mother had lived, all this might have interested him, for her sake; but politics never seemed to have any charm for him. 
In the language of the marts, he has made oceans of money, and he has expended millions of his wealth trying to develop his beloved west. 
The present season his vast ranches in Nebraska, on the North Platte and on the Dismal river will yield an immense harvest, and his big irrigation scheme in the Big Horn basin, in Wyoming, whereby he is reclaiming a colonizing acres of valuable land, will have a boom. In the year 1900 Buffalo Bill will again take his educational exhibition to Paris, where he was immortalized in bronze and in oil, and where his show rivalled the Eifel tower as an attraction at the last exposition. 
