Muncie Daily Tribune Aug. 5 1899
PASSING OF BUFFALO BILL


Both Performances Attended by Several Thousands


The Attack Upon the Stag Coach and the Kind-Heartedness of Savages-- Some Amusing Features


Thousands of people witnessed both performances of Buffalo Bill’s show yesterday afternoon and evening, in the pouring rain. At night especially it is probable that the hardest rain that has fallen in this section recently, came down. The show went on just the same as if the rain was not falling. The great tract of land where the performance was given was entirely open save only the part where the spectators sat. Those who saw the show were kept dry enough but the rain poured down in torrents upon the performers. The show was the best of its kind yet given here, notwithstanding the disagreeable feature.


AMUSING RAIN FEATURES


The rain caused a number of amusing features that afforded the audience considerable levity. In one place there is a supposed thrilling attack upon the stage coach by fierce Indians. The spectators had worked themselves up to the thrilling point, the stage coach drawn by six stout mules came lumbering around the pond that constituted the performing grounds and the Indians had made their onslaught upon the lone and helpless passenger of the coach, when down in the mud and slime went one of the mules. The animals got beneath the wheels of the coach and was dragged a considerable distance before he could be unhitched. The savages, with unwonted kind-heartedness, gracefully retired behind the scenes and postponed their massacre until the mulse was extricated, when the whole band came out again, whooping and yelling. The mule was the queerest looking object seen during the evening. It was so thickly coated with slime that the character of the animal could have scarcely been told.


The rain having converted the grounds into a small lake, a number of boys, just at the close of the performance, took off their shoes and stockings and waded out. The spectators all looked like they would like to do the same things, but it was only the small boy that had the courage to do so.


Between the grounds and the street car track at the close of last night’s performance was a wide ditch, flowing with water, which had to be crossed. By going a little out of the way, the ditch could be crossed all right, but the majority of people did not do this. In one place, about the centre of the ditch, was a raides place that seemed to promise firm footing for on who cared to jump the little knoll and then to the other side. A number of people were surprised to find the little knoll disappear beneath them when they set food upon it. The water and mud was over ankle deep at this particular point.