Muncie Evening Post June 5 1908
BUFFALO BILL’S EXHIBITION HERE


The Indians, Cowboys, Buffaloes and Bronchos


WERE IN TOWN EARLY


Some Notable Features of One of the World’s Most Remarkable Shows.


Well, they came in, this morning. “They” are the Indians, cowboys, Mexicans, Bedouins, buffaloes, bronchos and others of the vast and cosmopolitan hordes that go to make up one of the most notable exhibitions of its time-- Buffalo Bill’s Wild West show.


The whole aggregation was in early, today, before many persons were up, and the great canvas tents were spread by the time the early worker started to his day’s employment.


Along the route from the train to the show grounds on Wysor street the clatter of many hundreds of hoofs awoke early the residents who gazed out upon one of the most unique sights they had ever seen -- the early morning parade of the Indians, Mexicans and the rest of them. They ride their own horses and take care of their own equipment, transferring it from car to show ground and back and they wear their peculiar costumes both during the performance and when there is none.


The lack of a street parade this morning naturally caused some disappointment, but the management said that when the parade is omitted the men and animals are in better condition to go through their “stunts” in the show.


Stress is laid upon the Buffalo Bill show’s educational effect. It is a connecting link between the past and the present, a reminder of the state of early days of American life and of conditions that are rapidly passing.


With the coming of the strange canvas city of Buffalo Bill’s Wild West arises, with its flags of many nations, its banners and other trappings of decoration, showing the environments of camp equipage, its going and coming Indians, Arabs, vaqueros, cowboys, Cossacks, and other strange people, there is a change in the atmosphere of that neighborhood. One wonders if he ever saw the place before. But inside is the place to learn the real ways of the wold[a] world, ramified[b] by men and women who ride horseback. The Arab that you have only seen in pictures, and not always truthfully there; the Bedouin with his splendid horse, his long gun, his carving scimetar[c], his turban and his flowing robe, is there; the real cowboy of the plains, who is rapidly becoming a figure of the past and his Mexican prototype, the vaquero; the Cossacks who are the fiercest cavalry of the world; Japanese horsemen of the war; U.S. cavalry, the best riders in the world; all these may only be seen in the wild west, and many more of the rough riders of all nations, all led by Col. W. F. Cody-- “Buffalo Bill” -- the western knight, horseman and hunter.


Devlin’s Zouaves will be one of the incidental features with the wild west when Buffalo Bill comes to town. These men are drilled to a state of marvelous expertness in the manual arms and marches. They will conclude their exhibition with a lightning display of wall-scaling to illustrate the usefulness of zouaves in some stages of warfare.


Johnny Baker’s marvelous marksmanship will be an especially interesting feature with Buffalo Bill’s Wild West. He is one of the most skillful fancy shots in this country and when the wild west was abroad he measured guns with some of the Monte Carlo experts and won an easy victory. His trap-shooting, executed in the most difficult positions and with lightning rapidity, is truly remarkable while the fashion in which he shatters composition balls, shooting ricochet shots at them or by reflection, or by standings on his head, seems almost magical.


Buffalo Bill’s herd of buffaloes which he exhibits with his wild west constitutes one of the very few herds left in existence. There are less than three hundred buffaloes all told remaining on the continent, the remnant of millions which once roamed the prairies. They constitute one of the mst[d] interesting exhibits with Buffalo Bill’s Wild West and are used in the exhibition to illustrate the methods of the hunter in the olden days when Buffalo Bill was a youth and when the Indians were monarchs of the middle west.


The Battle of Summit Springs and the great train hold-up will be the chief spectacular incidents of Buffalo Bill’s Wild West. They will illustrate two distinct eras in western development and it is prmised[e] that they will be reproduced with that same fidelity to truth which marks every factor in Col. Cody’s representative American exhibition. Lesser scenes will be “The Attack On An Emigrant Train,” showing the dangers of pioneering, and “A Holiday at T-E Ranch,” which will show the life of the plainsman. The congress of rough riders will be an especially interesting section of the exhibition and at every performance, Col. WIlliam F. Cody will ride at the head of his company, direct the exhibition and appear in the principal scenes.


There will be exhibitions both afternoon and night.
[a]SIC
[b]SIC
[c]SIC
[d]SIC
[e]SIC