Milford Mail Feb. 22 1900
BLUFF OR DIPLOMACY
How "Buffalo Bill" Outwitted Bands of Hostiles in his Younger Days
"Buffalo Bill's" sister gives this account of an episode which occurred during the Black Hills gold excitement, and which illustrates the faculty her hero possesses of adapting himself to all emergencies: Mr. Mahan, of West Superior, Wis., and a party of adventurous gold seekers were being chased by a band of Indians which they had succeeded in temporarily eluding. They met Buffalo Bill at the head of a squad of soldiers who were looking for redskins. The situation was explained to the scout, whereupon be said:

"I am looking for that identical crowd. Now, you draw up in line and I will look you over and pick out the men that I want to go back with me."

Without any questioning he was able to select the men who really wanted to return and fight the Indians. He left but two behind, but they were the ones who would have been of no assistance had they been allowed to go to the front. Will rode some distance in advance of his party, and when the Indians sighted him they thought he was alone, and made a dash for him. Will whirled about and made his horse go as if fleeing for his life. His men had been carefully ambushed. The Indians kept up a constant firing, and when he reached a certain point Will pretended to be hit and fell from his horse. On came the Indians, howling like a choir of maniacs. The next moment they were in a trap, and Will and his men opened fire on them, literally annihilating the entire squad. It was the Indian style of warfare, and the ten "good Indians" left upon the field, had they been able to kick, would have had no right to do so.

Will continued the march, and as the day was well advanced, began looking for a good place to camp. Arriving at the top of a ridge overlooking a little river. Will saw a spot where he had camped on a previous expedition; but, to his great disappointment, the place was in possession of a large village of hostiles, who were putting up their tepees, building camp fires and making themselves comfortable for the coming night.

Quick as a flash Will decided what to do. "There are too many of them for us to whip in the tired condition of ourselves and horses," said our hero; Then he posted his men along the top of the ridge, with instructions to show themselves at a signal from him, and descended at once, solitary and alone, to the encampment of hostiles. Gliding rapidly up to the chief. Will addressed him in his own dialect as follows:

"I want you to leave right away, quick, I don't want to kill your women and children. A big lot of soldiers are following me, and they will destroy your whole village if you are here when they come."

As he waved his hand in the direction of the hill-top, brass buttons and polished gun barrels began to glitter in the rays of the setting sun, and the chief ordered his braves to fold their tents and move on.

Call it a bluff, diplomacy, or what you will, those who witnessed it were profoundly impressed by it, and thenceforward  shared the belief of the Indians themselves, that Buffalo Bill was no common, ordinary mortal. - "The Last of the Great Scouts."
