Mooresville Times May 16 1907
Buffalo Bill Silent
Wouldn't say twelve words for $25,000
Repulses the agents of Gould 
Colonel Cody not willing to discuss early life of millionaire's wife
Denver, Col., Special: Buffalo Bill (William F. Cody) has been thrust into the limelight as a factor in the trouble between Howard Gould and his beautiful wife. It was about a month ago that Buffalo Bill was called to Denver and offered first $10,000 and then $15,000 if he would tell Mr. Gould's agents all he knew of the early life of Mrs. Gould. 
The agents of Mr. Gould received him very cordially and entertained him pleasantly. Then they asked him about Mrs. Gould. He knew her when she was Katherine Clemmons and traveled with his show, though not a part of it. The agents particularly asked him if he has ever heard anything about Katherine Clemmons and "Big Bill" Hawley fleecing a Frenchman in Italy out of a large sum of money. They offered Buffalo Bill $10,000 if he would say: 
"Yes, Clemmons and Hawley did do up a Frenchman in Italy several years ago." 
The veteran scout's answer was typical. 
"You'll have to see my lawyers," was the quiet response. "You see," he added, "I have a claim of $60,000 against Mrs. Howard Gould for money due me for her stage education and for financing her productions before her marriage." 
The agents never flickered any eyelid as they raised their bid to $25,000, and offered it to him in cold cash with the magic words. 
"You'll have to see my lawyers," he repeated. This was only a month ago, according to the story, so far as known to Cody's friends here. 
Katherine Clemmons, when a young girl, was distinguished for her beauty and talent. Sometime in the latter part of the '80s a rich woman took her to Europe. She saw Buffalo Bill and his show at Earls Court, London, about 1889. She was fascinated with him a sought an introduction. The rest is soon told. She joined the show as an adjunct. It was during one of Buffalo Bill's absences in America that she is supposed to have met Hawley. Cody spent $60,000 on her in an effort to give her a stage training and career. In a moment of financial stringency she left him. He endeavored to get some of the money back he had spent on her, but never got a cent. 
