Muncie Star June 6 1908
COL. CODY PLEASES


AUDIENCES ARE SATISFIED


Incidents of Western Frontier Life Clearly Depicted in “Buffalo Bill”


“Buffalo Bill” and his Wild West show has come and gone, leaving behind the general opinion that the great scout of the past still stands as one of the most picturesque personages before the public today. His feats with the rifle while astride the back of his favorite horse in shooting at the glass balls thrown into the air by an Indian, displayed the fact that he has not lost his marksmanship. Johnny Baker, in his manipulation of the rifle, in various positions, calls for much credit.


“The Battle of Summit Springs,” a battle between the cowboys, United states troops and Indians during the early settlement of the West, was thrillingly depicted. The war dances of the Indians were realistic and the sports and games of the early inhabitants of the country afforded amusement as well as instruction. The feats of horsemanship were remarkable, some of the work seeming almost impossible, but were easily given by the greatest congress of horsemen in the world.


The robbery of the express train was probably the most thrilling performance of the show, and many expressions of awe were voiced by the people at the killing of the express messenger, the rifling of the passengers and the blowing open of the train safe. The rescue by the cowboy band made for a moment a thrilling episode. The assembly of the nations of the world concluded the show, and the metropolitan aggregation was large in scope.


The football game on horseback, engaged in by a team of cowboys and a team of Indians, was a nerve thrilling contest and was introduced by Colonel Cody for the first time in this city yesterday. The ball was eight feet in diameter and the skill with which it was handled by the horsemen and the horses was marvelous. The score finally ended 2 to 1 in favor of the cowboys.


A careless driver drove one of the massive wagons over the newly made cement curb and gutter on North Vine street. Colonel Cody, upon learning of the incident, immediately placed in the hands of the contractor $75 with which to cover the cost of the repairs.


From this city “Buffalo Bill” went to Kokomo, where performances will be given this afternoon and evening.