Muncie Evening Post Aug. 24 1907
Buffalo Bill Is In the Saddle Daily


At Head of Wonderful Congress of Riders


Accuracy of Costume and Description is the Chief Aim of Col. Cody’s Show.


Six years have passed since the native American exhibition known as “Buffalo Bill’s Wild West” has appeared in this city. In the meantime its great success abroad has been exploited, and its cordial greetings in seventetn countries of different languages, indorses the estimation in which, for years it was held at home. Col. Cody still leads in the saddle the little army of horsemen of all races and nations identified with his rough riders of the world. 


This exhibition, or pantomimic drama, is famed for its historical accuracy and simplicity.


The dramatist relies on scenery, costume and character to secure success for his drama. The song writer touches the heart by thrilling the cords of human emotion with the magic and pathos of his written words wedded to tuneful notes. Every description of spectacular entertainment is based and depends naturally for its attraction upon an illusion or an exaggeration of ideas, combined with displays of colors and pomp. The drama, song and spectacle present their several methods in amusing and instructing people, but the Wild West does more. Realism and accuracy are its cardinal points. The Indians, half naked, and daubed with the ochre drug from his tribal war paint mines; the cowboys, half man, half horse, clad in leather below the waist, while plumed above in his wide brimmed sombrero flapping in the wind, his gun handy to his angers, the cavalry soldiers in rough and ready uniform with sabre and carbine, also the Coccask, Japanese, Mexican, Arab and military squads, all are the real things. Shakespeare’s character have been clad in many kinds of costumes, different to such an extent as to cause discussion as to accuracy, but in the Wild West are seen the authentic ensemble with the height of color and picturesqueness, surpassing that of imagery, yet true to life. The Indians, cowboys and cavalrymen are dressed and armed just as they were when the great far West was a terribly debated land, every rod if which was won amid the red of fire and blood.


There is absent the glamor of the footlights, the cunning use of electricity, the lavish display of tinsel, yet there is a riot of color. It is simplicity and reality, effulgent in its native brightness. No effort is made to improve on the one hand or the other, on the contrary the audience is carried back to the days that tried the souls of men and women, before railroads opened up the wide territory lying between the Mississippi and Rocky Mountains. Life among the Indian natives, the pioneers, and the national armed forces is here presented in the most commonplace manner, yet with sincerity and directness which makes the exhibition a permanent and ever pleasing delight to the American and the foreigner.


This return season, the management of the exhibition is adding to its historical interest several additional episode identical with the story of the West. One notable event occurred in 1869, when was fought on the eleventh if July a battle that figures in the military annals as Carr’s victory at Summit Springs. General E. A. Carr, one of the most distinguished veterans of the Civil war, in which he attained prominence as a military leader of sterling ability, was in command with Buffalo Bill --- Colonel Cody --- as his chief of scouts. The occasion was impressively and particularly marked by the fact that “Buffalo Bill” killed the leading Indian Chief “Tall Bull.”


Another new feature will be a view of range life in the happier days, showing the early pioneers and settlers in a holiday revel, introducing some trained Texas mustangs in the exhibition in the style of the hautcole.


Another scene will introduce bandit hunters of the Union Pacific in a lively contest to punish perpetrators of a train hold-up. Cilonel Cody himself shoots on horseback. “Johnny” Baker appears in feats of marksmanship; the Western Zouaves and all the old time features are retained.


This year every horse in the exhibition made its debut East of the Mississippi for the first time in any exhibition, each making its first appearance within the confined arena and under electric lights.


The same complete exhibition that lately captured New York and Chicago will be given here.