Muncie Star June 3 1908
About Bucking Bronchos


Real Article, With Genuine Cowboys, With Buffalo Bill


Let no one fear that they will not see plenty of real excitement with Buffalo Bill’s Wild West when it exhibits in this city next Friday. There will be plenty of excitement, of the genuine sort, and not the least will be furnished by the Rough Rider delegation, which constitutes a part of the entertainment. These horsemen, drawn from the equestrian nations of the world, will furnish a wide variety of daring feats, ranging from the fearless Cossacks from Russia to the American cowboy from our own western plains.


The cowboys will introduce the realism of life in the boundless West; and existence which is led in the free, open air of the prairies. They will show the sports with which they while away the hours of leisure which fall to their lot in pursuit of their calling as herdsmen and watchers over the cattle which graze upon the plains. The most interesting features of their life naturally center around their horses, their care and management.


It must be remembered that most of the animals run loose during the winter and when spring comes and they are called into requisition for the active work of the roundup their spirits have largely reverted to the wild state from which the broncho of today originally sprung. The work of taming them is the most important feature of a cowboy’s existence. To be a successful herdsman he must be a “broncho buster” of unfailing expertness.


One of the most diverting features of Buffalo Bill’s exhibition will be a truthful representation of “broncho busting” by real cowboys and real “bronchos.” Their antics may be described as pure devilishness on the part of the horse and pure recklessness on the part of the riders. No one seems to know just why a broncho makes himself so disagreeable; it seems to be born in him. No attempt is made to train them; it is not even correct to say they are broken. They are simply “busted.” It is not a gentle process for the horse, nor is it anything short of violent for the rider.


Often the animal has to be thrown before the saddle and bridle can be fixed upon him. The “bridle,” by the way, is a halter, brow-band and throat patch, with a circle of leather which passes around the jaws. The tackle, when pulled tight, closes the broncho’s mouth and shuts off his wind. The rider must mount with agility; often he does it by straddling the prostrate horse and letting him scramble to his feet with the rider upon his back.


Once the broncho has his four feet planted on earth the real fun begins. A description of the exhibition is almost impossible. There are several varieties of “bucking,” and the horse sometimes uses them all in one melange of devilishness. The performance is fraught with great danger to the rider, and at every exhibition given by Buffalo Bill’s Rough Riders a dozen men take their life in their hands in subduing the half-crazed and always thoroughly angered bronchos. It is all genuine; there is no deception about a Western broncho. He is realism itself, the soul, body, legs and head of equine devilishness.