Muncie Evening Press Aug. 23 1907
The Mission of Wild West Shows


It Has Always Been Educative In Nature


At First it Tended to Bring Peace Between the Red Men and the Whites.


In 1882 when the Buffalo Bill Wild West lifted the curtain between the East, the Middle States and the vast Far West and revealed to the inhabited centers that chaotic conditions in the unknown land had been so far modified as to invite and justify confidence in a migratory invasion, it was hailed a valuable method of publicly instructiong the timorous masses.


In dissipating the then innate hatred that for generations had been existing between the misguided red men and the antipathetic white, through making both better acquainted--- the one with the industrial habits and peaceful instincts engendered by commercial progress and other with respect and pity for a foe defeated and suppliant for consideratiin--- it accomplished in a brief time what otherwise would have taken years.


This is now all history so well known as only to need reference as a grateful tribute to its value then and its justification for continuance, if only to familiarize the young and the newcomer from over the sea of what conditions had been in the history of the struggle for the “survival of the fittest.”


It returns now after its final visit to foreign lands to eventually finish its career on its native heath after instructing in seventeen distinct countries not only the masses, but the ruling Emperors, Kings, Queens and others, in the past realistic scenes in a land of world-wide interest, but which they may never visit; facilitating their book studies of the story of the great peaceful American continent.


The intermission of five years renders its return visit refreshing to its old patrons and doubly interesting to the new.


Many new features are added to the imperishable historic pictures amply emphasized in advertisements and publications. Colonel Cody, the last of the great prairie scouts, still leads the aggregation of races and nations that compose it, and will daily be in the saddle.


No street parade is given this year, every effort being expended on the performance twice daily, 2 and 8 p.m. rain or shine.