Muncie Star Press Aug. 11 1907
BUFFALO BILL HOME


END YOUR YEARS’ TOUR


Wild West Show Returns for Long American Engagement


Buffalo Bill’s Wild West and Congress of Rough Riders of the World has returned from its four years’ tour of Great Britain and continental Europe where, during the time it was abroad, it exhibited eighteen different countries. Opening at Madison Square Garden New York City this spring, it began its homecoming tour amid scenes of enthusiastic appreciation, and it will exhibit in this city August 27, presenting the same program without alteration or elimination.


During the continental triumphs of Col. William F. COdy (“Buffalo Bill”) gave his unique exhibition before all cats and classes and unfolded before the gaze of wondering Europeans historic scenes in the development of American history, scenes which have become a part of our nation’s past as well as a part of our nation’s glory. Although these events have passed into history, they were nevertheless eagerly accepted by Europeans as marking a part of our transition from a semi-barbaric state to our present greatness as one of the world’s powers.


Abroad nearly five years, Buffalo Bill comes home with practically a new exhibition. Even to those who enjoyed the Wild West performances years ago, will find a renewal of interest in the announcement that it is soon to return for exhibition in this city. Children who were little ones at that time have grown to an age where they can best appreciate the historic value of the exhibition, while enjoying its stirring scenes and thrilling sensations.


There is no chapter in American history fraught with such interest as are the days when the western wilds were being redeemed from the redman by the shot and sword of our soldiery. Throughout a warfare unique in almost every feature, American history was written in deeds of valor and with the triumph of the victor came the liberty and advancement of the vanquished. The barbaric lords of the prairie have become wards of their conqueror and their vast hunting grounds have been reclaimed for the beneficial use of civilization.


Steps in this conquest are illustrated in Col. Cody’s exhibition; no one is so well suited to the task for Buffalo Bill was a moving and potent force in the struggle for supremacy. As plainsman, hunter, scout, guide and interpreter Col. Cody lived in the early days of his life with the open prairie as his environment and the Indian as his companion at first, his enemy later and finally as his friend. For this reason his position as a public entertainer is as unique as the exhibition which he originated, maintains and still directs.


For the present season the Congress of Rough Riders has been augmented by drafting equestrians from many nations, and the Wild West entertainment will have distinctive features of historic value and impelling interest. “The Battle of Summit Springs” will illustrate one of the most thrilling chapters in Indian warfare and “The Great Train Hold-Up” will depict one of a score of lawless events which have marked the development of the Great West since the Union Pacific railroad first linked the Atlantic and the Pacific with its ribbons of steel.