New Albany Public Press April 2, 1884 pg. 6
An Adventurous Boy 
How a Brooklyn Lad of Thirteen is Seeking His Fortune- Seven Months Missing.
(Brooklyn Eagle)
The police authorities this morning received notice that a little boy named Philip Griffith, whose parents reside at 325 Fifth avenue, was missing from his home, and that all efforts to find him have proved unavailing. This is the third or fourth time that the police have been notified of the little fellow's absence from home, and, although they have used their utmost endeavors to ascertain his whereabouts, they have met with no success. On the 12th of last August, seven months ago last Wednesday, the boy, who was thinly clad, walked out of the house saying that he was going to play. Since then he has never been seen by his parents, although they have telegraphed all over the country and have used every means within their power to reclaim their lost boy. An Eagle reporter had an interview with Mr. and Mrs. Griffith today and obtained the following strange story. 
"On the 12th of August last," said the mother, with tears in her eyes, "Phillie left the home for the purpose of engaging in a few hours' play. Since the last time we have never seen him." 
"Have you never heard from him?" asked the reporter. 
"Yes and no. That is, we have heard from him indirectly from persons who thought they had seen him. Phillie was very fond of witnessing circus performances, and whenever a circus would come to the city he would beg us to take him. He was a good and affectionate boy, and whenever we could spare the time we would humor him. He would save up his pennies, and whenever we would endeavor to plead as an excuse for a refusal that we could not spare the money, Phillie would go to his box and produce sufficient to pay not only his own way, but his father's way in."
"Although he had no need to work," interposed the father, "he would go about among the neighbors, after school hours and do little chores for them, whereby he might earn a few pennies." 
"He was not fond of going to school," continued the mother, "and although he was bright in other things, he could scarcely read or write."
"How old was he?"
"If living he is now about 13 years of age, but is rather small of his age."
"When did you hear from him last?"
"There is a strange thing connected with it, and perhaps I had better begin at the beginning. If you remember, in August last, Buffalo Bill was at Coney Island. The boy could be seen almost any day gazing at the illuminated play bills, and he almost pestered our lives out asking us to take him to see the performance. Neither of us had any desire to see it, and we, from time to time, put him off with vague promises. Finally we were compelled to flatly refuse him, and this no doubt led to his disappeance."
"Why?"
"He one day expressed to his little sister a determination to see Buffalo Bill at all hazards, and on the day mentioned he disappeared. Shortly afterward we heard from a neighbor that he had been seen at the show, and we notified the police. I went to the island on several occasions, but could gain no trace of my boy. A day or two later a lady friend came in, and said that she had seen Phillie at Coney Island, and that when he saw her he ran away as if afraid of being seen. We again made search for him, but without avail. When the Buffalo Bill combination was about departing we again heard from him, and an officer told us that a boy named Philip Griffith was with them. We ascertained that the boy was not our little one. For some reason or another he had evidently taken Phillie's name. The combination then went away, and I have no doubt that they took him with him."
"Have you ever heard from him since?"
"Yes, on several occasions. The first time after this we heard that he was living at the Newsboys' Home in Poplar Street. Although I placed no reliance in the report, I went there and ascertained that the boy had not been seen or heard of."
"When did you hear from him again?"
"A little later we heard that he had been seen in Philadelphia in company of a strange man. We could not confirm this and gave him up for lost, although we have since been grasping at every clue that might discover him."
"Is this the last you heard of him?"
"No. Several persons have come to us and have told us that they have seen him in different places, but upon following up the clues out endeavors have been useless."
"Had he any relatives to whom he might have gone?"
"Yes, but we have either visited or communicated with all of them without avail."
"Tell him about the grocer's boy," suggested the father, who was himself unable to control his feelings. 
"What is your theory regarding the little fellow's absence?" asked the reporter. 
"We have none, or, at least, no feasible one. He was a bright boy, and may have been stolen, or he may have wandered off and been taken away by the circus folks. It would be a satisfaction to us to even hear that he is dead, rather than to be compelled to bear this suspense." 
