New Albany Ledger August 6, 1884 pg. 2
Relation of Literature to Crime 
One of the features of state legislation which attracted much attention in several of the States of the Union last winter is deserving of more than a passing notice: The relation of Literature to Crime. 
It has become a fixed principle in the minds of many thoughtful men that the reading put into the hands of our boys in the cheap, trashy novel and story papers so common and popular, is the cause of the increase of crime among boys and young men, to a degree not fully appreciated by parents and guardians. The attention of all such should be given to the reports from the city of New York, which show this matter in its true light: 
"During the first six months of the year 1881 there were 1,196 boys and girls arrested in this city. Among them was a boy 13 years of age charged with a murderous assault; eleven with highway robbery; seven were charged with murder, one of the number being a boy 9 years of age. Last year in six months and half, from February 1st to August 15th, fifteen were arrested for murder, thirty-eight for grand larceny, one hundred as burglars, and forty as common drunkards. In the majority of cases bad literature had started these young criminals." 
The Pomeroy boy serving out a life sentence in Boston prison, heads a long list of youthful murderers. When he was asked if he had ever read much, he replied: 'Yes, I have read a great deal.' 'Well, what have you read?' 'Dime novels.' 'What novel did you like best?' 'Buffalo Bill, because it is full of murders and pictures of murders.' 
Not many months since several boys in Milwaukee, Wis., sons of honorable and respectable sires, were convicted of setting fire to buildings, as they said, "just for fun." It was developed in the trail that they had for some time been reading dime novels and other of this pernicious cheap literature. 
They began by stealing at home such things as they desired, and went on and on in crime until convicted for incendiarism. 
It was also developed that one of the books which had the greatest influence over them was published by a Chicago firm and had already reached a sale of 400,000. 
About a year since some young hoodlums attempted to wreck a train on the Burlington, Cedar Rapids & Minnesota R. R. in the state of Iowa. When arrested they confessed they had been stimulated to their devilish deed by their reading. Not long since a band of boys made a bandit's cave near one of our large cities and commenced to live by stealing from the same cause. It is an almost daily matter to hear of boys, or girls, who have left home, started out for adventures, and when they come to grief, the uniform acknowledgement is that they were incited to their wayward course by their reading. The vicious literature of which we speak is one of the most potent sources of drunkenness, of lapse of morals, debauchery and crime. 
These facts are alarming to all thoughtful persons and should awake a public interest on this subject everywhere. To such an extent has this evil grown that State legislatures are beginning to take note of the source of public contamination. 
In the state of Texas it is an offense to offer the Police Gazette for sale at all. The last New York legislature passed an amendment of the Penal Code holding any person guilty of a misdemeanor who shall sell, give away, exhibit or offer for sale to any minor child any book, pamphlet, magazine, newspaper, or other printed paper devoted to the publication of, or principally made up of criminal news, police news, or accounts of criminals' deeds; or who shall exhibit on any street or highway within the view of any minor child any such publication. 
A similar law was enacted by the last legislature of the State of Kentucky. 
The United States officials prohibit and try to prevent the sending of obscene literature through mails. 
If only now we can have the public attention aroused at home and abroad this matter of correcting our literature may be made more general and useful to the home and society. 

