New Albany Ledger January 31, 1883 pg. 4
A Young Highwayman 
The Exploits of Andrew Zoellers, Aged Twenty Years 
Sneak Thief, Burglar and Highwayman. 
Andrew Zoellers is but twenty years old; but he has already passed seven or eight years of his life in practicing petty thefts, burglaries, and highway robberies. He commenced his career, it is said, but pilfering fruit from gardens and small articles from grocery stores. The officers state that associated with him in these pretty larcenies were seven or eight other boys, some of them of his own age and others much younger; and that at the present time there is a regular gang of these juvenile thieves in the city, varying in age from ten years up to twenty, and that these have operated in conjunction with young Zoellers. It is believed that this gang has been doing all the burglaries of carpenter shops recently committed in the eastern and central parts of the city. 
Andrew Zoellers exploits have been numerous, and he has long been under police suspicion. He managed, however, to so carefully secrete all the property he secure by his pilfering, that it was for a long time impossible to make a case against him, as no stolen property could be found in his possession, and he was never detected in the act of theft. 
The stealing of two guns from Buffalo Bill's company, when they exhibited in this city last October, put the police on their mettle, and Chief Shindler determined to leave no effort untried to ferret out the thief. His suspicions and that of other officers were aroused against Andrew Zoellers, but they could find nothing to justify them in arresting him. Chief Shindler, however, kept his eye on Zoellers and "stood in" with two or three youngsters he had reason to believe had a good deal of knowledge of Zoeller's doings. About three weeks ago the Chief learned enough to justify him in taking out a search warrant and searching the house of the mother of the young man. This search was rewarded by the finding of one of the guns of Buffalo Bill and a couple of boxes filled with all kinds of carpenter and other tools. 
The property was secured and then it was learned that the day before the search Zoellers had left the city for Plumb Point, Miss., on a steamboat. The next day after the search Chief Shindler left for Evansville, hoping to overhaul Zoellers there; but the boat on which he was a passenger passed that city two days before, and the thief escaped arrest. 
Zoellers, however, tarried but a few days at Plumb Point, when he started on his return to New Albany, not knowing the officers were on his trail. When he arrived here on Sunday evening some of his pals told him he was wanted by the police, and he went to the little steamer Roy, lying at the foot of West Second street, and breaking a window got into the cabin and secreted himself under a bunk. Marshal Fein gained a clew to his hiding place Monday afternoon, and taking officer Richards arrested the thief and lodged him in jail. On Tuesday morning Zoellers was arraigned before Mayor Kent charged with stealing a lot of tools from the J., M. & I railroad, to which charge he plead guilty and was remanded to jail, in default of bond in $150, to answer in the circuit court. 
The same evening Marshal Fein and officer Richards went to the residence of the mother of Zoellers, on East Third street, between Main and Market, and found the other gun stolen from Buffalo Bill. Zoellers had taken a weatherboard off the house, shoved the gun up between the weatherboards and plastering, and then nailed the board on again. A boy who had knowledge of the act gave the hiding place of the thief's plunder away. 
In August last the son of Mr. Sherman Frisbie, a boy fifteen years old, while walking along Spring street, between East Third and Fourth, was stopped at the mouth of the alley, dragged into the alley, and robbed of his gold watch. Sheriff Meyer, for certain reasons, suspected Zoellers of this daring highway robbery, but failed to get any evidence against him to justify his arrest. When, however, Zoellers was lodged in jail, Sheriff Meyer set one of the prisoners to question him, and to this prisoner Zoellers confessed that he had robbed the Frisbie boy, and that the stolen watch was then at his mother's house. The prisoner communicated this fact to Sheriff Meyer, who, accompanied by Chief Shindler, went to the Zoellers' residence, recovered the watch and returned it, last night, to Mr. Frisbie. 
This makes three cases of burglary and one of highway robbery against Zoellers; to all of which he has confessed. It is believed that he will yet tell to whom all the stolen property found at his mother's house belongs, and also give away his associates in his numerous burglaries. For a young man of only twenty years, Zoellers has made a very elaborate record of crime. 
