Plymouth Republican July 4 1901 pg 2
The boundless realm of rough riders. More special features and novelties than have ever before been seen in the tours of the renowned. Buffalo Bill's Wild West. And Congress of Rough Riders of the World. Including a squad of Northwest Mounted Police, a brave, intrepid, red-coated constabulary, who for years have held in line the lawless Indian. Baden-Powell's Rough Riders, the Heroes of Mafeking. Detachments of these forces will be presented showing the men who have proved again that "Imitation is the sincerest flattery", adopting the methods of warfare practiced by the rough riders of the far-west. Also, Boers from the Transvaal with their weapons, traps and other paraphernalia used on the battlefields of South Africa. The acknowledged greatest effort of modern times, a grand and gorgeous military spectacular production of the Capture of Pekin in which the soldiers representing the Allied Forces of the Military Powers will participate, enabling the management to reproduce the famous Chinese engagement, The Battle of Tien-Tsin. Previous to the battle, detachments of the various armies engaged therein will pass in a grand review, including Canadian Mounted Rifles fresh from their notable engagements in South Africa, a corps of the veteran guards of the U.S Life Saving Service. An intensely exciting and impressive display of their heroism including the thrilling and adventurous placing of the life line and breeches buoy. Sports and pastimes of the frontier. United States Cavalrymen and Artillerymen, German Cuirassiers, Mexican Ruralies, Riffian Arabs, Western Cowboys, American Indians, Russian Cossacks. In daring feats of skill, portraying scenes and incidents of life in the open, directed in person at each performance by Col. Wm. F. Cody "Buffalo Bill". Grand review of the Rough Riders leading the exhibition grounds at 9:30 A.M. traversing the prominent thoroughfares. Twice daily - 2 and 8 P.M. - Rain or shine. Admission, 50 cents, Children under 10 years, 25 cents. Reserved seats (including admission); $1.00, for sale day of exhibition at Warsaw, Saturday, July 13. 
