Plymouth Tribune Aug. 8 1907 
INDIAN SCOUT IN PLYMOUTH.
Dakota Bob on a Trans Continental Walk. "Dakota Bob," a famous government scout with General Miles during the Indian troubles, but for the past eight years a well-known pedestrian and long-distance walker, reached Plymouth Monday morning on a pedestrian tour from Portland, Ore., to Portland, Me. He left Portland on the Pacific coast on March 10 and is due to arrive in Portland on the Atlantic coast on Oct. 10. He is now seven days ahead of his schedule and so is taking it easy. He is earning his way and as he looks sleek and well fed it ii evident that he is not suffering any The trip is due to a $3,030 wager made between Billy Lee of Yonkers, N. Y., and Joe Mills of Portland, Ore. The trip has been very pleasant and very interesting, according to what Dakota Rob told us when he called at the Tribune office Monday morning. His only bad luck happened one day last week when some tramps near Elgin, IL., held him up and took away his knapsack, in which lie carried his papers, clippings, etc. He did not lose his records of this trip, for these he mails daily to Portland. "Dakota Bob' in appearance is a typical Indian scout, with long hair, well-knit figure, piercing eyes and a face denoting strength of character and courage. His life on the plains, his thrilling experiences and narrow escapes have tinged his hair with gray and have aged him and yet for a man of 50 he has a certain buoyancy and youthful action He said that the sobriquet of "Dakota Bob" was given him by General Miles and Buffalo Bill. While in Chicago last week he called on Buffalo Bill, and his show, and was warmly greeted by his former employer. He has numerous wounds on his body, received from the Indians, but though some of them were serious at the time he recovered and now suffers o very great inconveniences therefrom. For the past eight years "Dakota Bob" has been following the fortunes of pedestrianism and today is one of the best known men in that profession. During the past seven years he has walked 37,200 miles, not counting the ground that he has since covered1 in this journey from coast to coast. In a walk from New York to San Francisco, nine years ago he passed through Plymouth, a fact that he clearly recalled while j here. His route he gives as follows Warsaw, Columbia City, Ft. Wayne, Toledo, Buffalo, Albany, Boston. He says that he averages 20 to 30 miles per day. This morning he walked from Stillwell, and owing to the rain spent the day in Plymouth. 
