Princeton Democrat September 15, 1883 pg. 1
Buffalo Bill's Duel With Yellow Hand 
[New York Sun]
The scalp torn from the head of the great chief Yellow Hand by Buffalo Bill was shown to a party of visitors from Hartford. The hair is long and soft, and was braided like the queue of a Chinaman. One of Bill's comrades told the story of the scalping: "It was just after the massacre of Custer," he said. "Bill was with Gen. Miles at the head of the scouts. They were trying to cut off Yellow Hand from Sitting Bull. Early in the morning Yellow Hand rode up at the head of a war party and challenged Bill to an open combat. Gen. Miles and others tried to dissuade Bill from accepting the challenge. He replied that a refusal to accept it would ruin his prestige among the savages, and that was something he could not afford to lose. He told Yellow Hand that he would fight him. The two armies were ranged less than a mile apart. Six mounted scouts accompanied Bill and six mounted Brule Sioux rode forward with Yellow Hand. They were to open the fight on horseback with rifles. Their escorts drew aside, and the combatants dashed forward. Yellow Hand began to spin around Bill in a circle, and Bill began to circulate in a circle himself. Around and around they went like swallows in the air. Both white men and savages were eager spectators. Each combatant had his leg over his horse's fore shoulder, and each was swinging head downward, awaiting an opportunity for a fatal shot. They sounded so close together that it sounded like the crack of one rifle. In a twinkle both horses were biting the dust. Bill was as spry as a cat. He was on his feet before the horse struck the ground. Yellow Hand was partly pinned to the earth by the weight of his pony. The two men were not over 70 feet apart. Before the chief could extricate himself Bill had shot him through the body. It was, however, a flesh wound. Yellow Hand gained his feet drew his scalping knife, and went for Bill like a demon. The Indians were yelling like hyenas, and Miles' troopers were rendeing the air with their shouts. Yellow Hand's knife went through Bill's hunting shirt, barely scraping the hide. There was a quick struggle, some labored breathing and gritting of teeth, and Bill's knife slid between the chief's ribs, and pierced his heart. He fell lifeless on the plain. In a second Bill encircled his topknot, and yanked the scalp from his head. With fiendish screams the Indians poured down on him. But old Miles' troopers were there on time, and there was as lively an Indian fight as was ever seen in the Big Horn country. Yellow Hand lost his scalp as well as his life, and his soul never reached the happy hunting ground." 
