Princeton Clarion Leader Sept. 23 1899 Pawnee Bill
It is a Great Show
Pawnee Bill's Wild West Show Pleased a Mighty Throng. 
Vivid Frontier Scenes

It Excels Buffalo Bill's Show of the Wild West - The Management Praised For Conducting Clean Show.

Pawnee Bill's Historical Wild West show has come and gone and old and young are singing his encomiums. The report has gone abroad that Pawnee Bill's aggregation is always looking for trouble was shown to be absolutely falsely here yesterday, for a more gentlemanly lot of showmen never visited Princeton.

A big crowd attended yesterday afternoon's performance but last night called out the throngs and the immense tents were crowded. Not one visitor to the great Wild West called it a "tenderfoot" show. Everybody pronounced it strictly "up to snuff" and yet thoroughly moral.

It is natural to compare Pawnee Bill's show with that of Buffalo Bill, for they represent the two Wild West shows of the world. Buffalo Bill makes display of the military forces of the world. Pawnee Bill touches on the military on a small scale but he reaches away out in giving a Wild West exhibition. As a Wild West show Pawnee Bill's excels Buffalo Bill's that is the verdict of the people. If there is anything thrilling in frontier life that Pawnee Bill has left out it cannot be called to mind. The Wild West is there from the hanging of the horse thief to the Mountain Meadow massacre. The daring of the cowboys, Indians, Mexicans, scouts, etc., makes the spectator rise from his seat and gaze in mute astonishment.

The feats of the Ali troupe of Arabian athletes captured the crowd. They are remarkable men and their wonderful athletic feats are beyond compare. The work of the cowboys with the lasso also excited wonder.

The Australian boomerang throwers were objects of interest. They are the lowest type of humanity and there are none who will not admit the fact. If uglier mortals live on God's footstool then we ask that they be brought forth.

The prairie schooner, the burning of "Trapper Tom's" cabin, the robbery of Ft. Sill stage coach, the hanging of the horse thief, and other features of the big show held the audience in rapt attention. Pawnee Bill certainly has a great show and he will be welcomed back to Princeton.
