Richmond Daily Palladium May 20 1901
The Affair at Tien-Tsin to be Fought Here Again
With over 600 mounted men of all nationalities, in the costumes of their various countries, under the leadership of Col. W. F. Cody (Buffalo Bill), will appear here for two performances, on Wednesday, May 22, and they will be seen at ever performance of Buffalo Bill's Wild West and Congress of Rough Riders of the World. The leading features of this entertainment are well known the world over, and with each succeeding annual appearance it is welcomed as an old friend, without which the season's entertainment would not be complete. 
This season Messrs. Cody and Salsbury have new features added to their regular attractions, and they are features of a peculiar appropriateness which will appeal to all classes of people. Russian Cossacks, Riffian Arabs, South American Gauchos, Mexicans, Indians, Cowboys, American and German soldiers have all been brought from their distant homes in all parts of the world. Col. Cody and Mr. Salsbury have perfected them in giving, in the confined area of their arena, the sports, pastimes and war indulgences that are characteristic of their various peoples. With 600 performers, knowing nothing of "shows" in any way speaking different languages, with widely varying ideas and tastes, thoughts and desires, the first few days is chaos but with a master mind and firm hand all is brought to order. 
The timely, exciting and historic episode of the Capture of Pekin is made a great and attractive addition to the Wild West. This is a reproduction on a large scale of the Battle of Tien-Tsin. Special scenery has been made from photographs of the walls and surroundings, and the barricade has been built as nearly correct as the limited space in the arena will permit. This is the most popular feature this season and there will be a peculiar interest awakened in the public who will wish to see soldiers of the allied powers representing the most exciting episodes of the late battle and in which they were such important factors. 
Quite a number of Baden-Powell's heroic warriors have also been engaged, and they will spear in the same field with Oom Paul's rave Boers, the northwest mounted police, colonial guards. Canadian mounted rifles and other up-to-date horsemen. 
