Rockport Weekly Democrat January 2, 1886 pg. 3
Otto Reinhard and How He was Killed
…..
Baltimore, MD., December 28- Cadet Richard O. Reinhard, a song of Judge Reinhard, of Indiana, was killed by a fellow cadet at the military academy at Oxford today under the most distressing circumstances. Since the occurrence a great deal of astonishment has been manifest at the lax discipline of the institution, which has been allowing the students freely to carry and fool with dangerous weapons, though the practice is in clear violation of the laws of the State. Many of the students had gone to their homes to spend the holidays, and those who remained seemed to have chosen dangerous pastimes to while away their vacation hours. Target practice was their favorite forte, and there appeared to be a desire on the part of each student to become a rival of Buffalo Bill in the matter of off-hand shooting. 
A few days before Christmas Cadet Richard O. Reinhard borrowed a self-cocking bull-dog pistol, 38-caliber, from a young man named Valentine, a cadet from Texas. He also supplied himself from the same source with a number of cartridges, and found amusement in shooting at marks around the premises. Yesterday morning Reinhard was in his room with Patrick Gavagan, a cadet from Michigan, and several others, and the two were sky-larking and giving imitations of Buffalo Bill's performance in the drama of the "Far West." Reinhard, growing tired, laid his revolver on the table, and Gavagan picked it up, and, supposing the chambers had all been emptied, began snapping it at his friend. Reinhard stood laughing at and mocking him, when suddenly the weapon, with a loud report, was discharged. Reinhard reeled back, and, tottering for a minute with a ghastly white stare on his face, and blood streaming from a wound in the neck above the breast bone, sank down. The other ran to his assistance, and raised his head, but it was at once evident that the wound was mortal. In a whisper the young man said: "Get a doctor; I am dying," and almost immediately became unconscious. One of the lads ran out for the Academy surgeon, Dr. Alexander Matthews, but when that officer arrived it was too late; Reinhard was dead, having lived not over five minutes from the time he was struck. 
….
