Semi-Weekly Express 24 September 1897
Expert Horsemen 
Buffalo Bill's Wild West show will be here Saturday
Colonel William F. Cody, or, as he is better and more popularly known, Buffalo Bill, represents a period in American history when the pathway of progress westward was marked by dangers and unsurmountable difficulties. The story of the advance of the pioneers as civilization marched onward towards the Rockies is filled with exciting incidents and thrilling experiences. Of course the chief obstacle to pioneer progress was found in the sturdy opposition and dogged resistance offered by the Indian tribes with whom, against whom and among whom no man has had a more varied and remarkable experience than Colonel Cody. In his wild West exhibition which is soon to appear here, many of these incidents and experiences are reproduced with the utmost fidelity, with real Indians, cowboys, scouts and hunters, headed by Buffalo Bill himself, thus affording a most valuable historical object lesson. To its attractions others equally fascinating are added, including a congress of rough riders of the world, and an extensive display of the finest specimens of cavalry soldiers from five great armies of the world. The horse and his wild rider will be exemplified by mounted cowboys, Sioux, Comanche, Poney and Black Feet Indians, Mexican Vaqueros, South American Gauchos, Bedouin Arabs, German Uhians, Russian Dragoons and the English Lancers. It is impossible to speak of these in detail, but they form a remarkably interesting and instructive congregation of horsemen. The exhibitions are given in an enormous arena, with a covered grand stand seating 20,000 persons, who are perfectly protected from sun or rain. In the evening, night is turned into day by a brilliant electric display, produced by the largest portable double plant of 250,000 candle power yet constructed. 
In the morning there will be a free street cavalcade of detachments from each division and abundant music will be furnished by three magnificent bands led by the famous Buffalo Bill's Cowboy Band. It continues under the joint management of Buffalo Bill, Nate Salsbury and Mr. James A. Bailey, of Barnum's show. 
The Wild West will be here Saturday, September 25th. 
