Semi-Weekly Express 17 September 1897
(Buffalo Bill Ad) 
Terre Haute, Saturday, Sept. 25th, Have you seen Buffalo Bill's Wild West and Congress of Rough Riders of the World? If you have, you know ????? stood unique, solitary and alone- the one and only great public outdoor exhibition that is the real thing honest and genuine. So it remains but it has been greatly augmented and improved by the addition of numerous novel and most important and appropriately features which make it still more complete as a veritable reflex of the romance and reality. And the trials and the vicissitudes, he defeats and the victories of the brave and true persistent pioneers who wrested from the Indian and the Spanish speaking Mexican, that vast empire of virgin Western states, whose bright stars are now emblazoned upon the blue field of the banner of American liberty. Read and realize before it is too late. That Europe again expects the return of this greatest of all exhibitions and that expectation must be met, so don't miss this chance, it may be the last! 
The end of the Buffalo! The only herd on Exhibition. 
100 Indian warriors, 50 American Cowboys, 30 Mexican Vaqueros and Ruralies, 30 South American Gauchos, 50 Western Fronteirsmen, Marksmen, etc., 25 Bedouin Arabs, 20 Russian Cossacks of the Caucasus, Detachment of the U.S' Cavalry, Battery of the U.S Artillery, Royal Irish-English Lancers, German Cuirassiers, Petit Corps D'Armee. All under the command of Col. W. F. Cody- Buffalo Bill. Who will positively appear in person and take part in both the afternoon and evening exhibitions. 
Miss Annie Oakley, Johnny Baker, the champions, in feats of marksmanship. Covered grand stand, seating 20,000 persons, assuring perfect protection from sun and rain. On the first day of arrival there will be given a free street cavalcade at 10 a.m., followed by a detailed detachments from each division. The march will be enlivened by three magnificent bands of music, led by the famed and world-traveled Buffalo Bill's Cowboy Band. At night, a brilliant electric display, by the largest portable double electric plant of 250,000 candle power yet constructed by any similar purpose. Two performances daily, rain or shine. Every afternoon at 2 o'clock. Every night at 8 o'clock. Doors open one hour earlier. General admission 50 cents. Children under 9 years, 25 cents. Numbered coupon, actually reserved, seats will be on sale on the day of exhibition at Buntin's Drug Store, corner of Sixth and Main streets. Bicycles checked on grounds. 
