Shelbyville Daily Democrat August 4 1905 pg. 3
"Scotty Was Skinned Good"
New York Secured all the Diamonds from the Minder of Death Valley 
Now En Route to Famous Gold Mine
The Place of Hidden Treasures Scott Keeps Locked in His Own Heart 
A Life of Adventure 
Kansas City, No., Aug. 4- Walter Scott, Death Valley miner, passed through Kansas City yesterday. He occupied one seat in a Pullman car on the California Limited train on the Santa Fe and occupied one place when in the dining car. 
There was a conspicuous lack of the diamonds that he wore when he left California. When attention was called to his omission "Scotty" stopped smiling and lapsed into sudden gloom. 
"Wouldn't that jar you?" he said. "No diamonds outside for me. Didn't the New Yorkers get my dog and about everything else that was laying 'round loose? They skinned me good." 
He was congratulated on his fast run from Los Angeles to Chicago. Then the smile that had been so rudely flashed returned. 
"I am going back now after some of the yellow, and in twelve weeks from today I am going to start in to break the record for a ride from Los Angeles to New York. 
"You put it down in your little book that "Scotty" is going to make the run from the Pacific to the Atlantic Coast in sixty hours. 
"I am living in the dining car on this trip," said Scotty as he swung aboard the train just as it was leaving the depot. Mrs. Scott occupied the seat in the Pullman car. The yellow dog was missing. "Somebody stole it," said Scott, while I was in Central Park New York." 
Ask Mr. Scott where he gets all his money and he will make the single admission that he knows where gold is to be found in fabulous quantities in Death Valley, but where his mine is, or where he happened to find it- those are the subjects on which he is so shrewdly silent that no one has been able to get the slightest hint. 
"I've got a big thing out there," he says, "one of the biggest you ever hear of. I've got rock that runs between $40 and $50 pound. A lot of fellows want to know where it is. Don't I know that I have been followed several times?  I know that desert country like a book, and that's where rive got the bulge on the other fellows. I've got six different pack trains in as many different places, from which I am start to the valley and I never made up my mind which one I'll use until the last minute. I don't want to tip this thing off to anybody, but the gold is there, and there's a lot more around."
Nature's most hideous spot, for as such must Death Valley be characterized, has no terror for Scott, and he goes in and out with the fearlessness of a man walking through the streets of a city. The Valley lies about fifty miles south of here. 
It is 316 feet below the level of the sea and it is said to be the hottest place in the United States, the thermometer always registering many degrees above the hundred mark. There are springs, but the water carries a solution of arsenic that proved deadly in the early 50's to a whole train of emigrants seeking a new home and wealth in the gold fields of California. Ever deadly has it been since then, and the man who does not clearly know his path goes to almost sure destruction in the valley. 
Scott was formerly a member of "Buffalo Bill's Wild West Show." He looks the perfect type of a rough-rider. Thirty-five years old, he is straight-backed, long-necked and long-legged- tall and straight as a poplar. 
He has thews and sinews of tempered steel, all free from any superfluous flesh. His hands are as small as those of a woman, but nervous and sinewy like those of a practiced swordsman. Eyes of hazel hue as lively as those of a hawk- vigilant, prying, suspicious. 
In dress he affects the Arizona cowboy- towering white sombrero, dark blue shirt and trousers, blood-red handkerchief, russet saddle, boots and all. He talks well, with no great fluency, except in moments of excitement or irritation. His one apparent weakness is a fondness for pleasure, luxury and pomp. 
Six years ago, Scott turned up in Los Angeles. He dresses then as he dresses now, and he was fresh from the "Buffalo Bill" show. For several years he had been a star bronco buster with Col. Cody's "rough riders of the world." 
The act was one of the best in the show and Scott might have been performing on the sawdust to this day but for an unfortunate accident. He put in an appearance just five hours late at the opening of the show in Madison Square Garden, New York, six years ago. 
The Colonel took occasion to chide his rough rider. Scott's response was in language too picturesque to bear repetition, and he left New York, his face turned westward. He then appeared in Los Angeles, but without the remarkable roll of yellow-back notes for which he has since become famous. 
Scott managed to beg a "grub stake" and started out on the desert on a prospecting trip. There were many without success, until he reached Death Valley, where, after almost perished from thirst, he discovered gold in quantities such as men could never have imagined to exist in a native state. He took out and panned sufficient gold to pay his way to Los Angeles and then to New York. 
Since then Scott has kept his secret with the utmost care, although making regular trips to his property. He went there by a circuitous route directly after his quarrel with the experts, and in less than a week took out $6,000 in ore of the highest grade, doing every bit of the work alone. 
It was not long before it was known in the mining town of Ballarat, on the edge of Death Valley, that a mysterious prospector had discovered a very rich mine, and many an endeavor was made to follow him and learn his secret. 
But Scott protected himself in every possible way, going to his diggings by many different trails, seldom following the same one twice. 
While he was in New York living sumptuously at the Waldorf-Astoria spending his money like a prince, word reached him of the discovery of gold in the Funeral Range in Death Valley. 
Fearful that someone had at last found his mine, he rushed back to California, only to find that the new find was forty miles from where he made his rich strike. The new discovery was on property which was afterward bonded by Captain Delmar, the well-known mining man. 
At this time, the officials of the Knickerbocker Trust Company had been endeavoring to get another consent from Scott for an inspection of his property, and with A. P. Rogers, a mining engineer of New York and Goldfield. 
Rogers consulted with H. R. Bacon, another mining engineer of New York and Goldfield, and they agreed to make an inspection for $2,000. There was some hitch about expenses and Scott came to Goldfield to see Rogers. That the former cowboy is set in his ways-possibly queer, one might say- was shown when Rogers spoke to him on the street and he denied his identity absolutely. 
His would not say a word about the business in hand until Rogers had produced some elaborate credentials. For some reason or other, there was another hitch, and the inspection was not made. 
So Death Valley still holds its great secret from all men except Walter-Scott. 
