South-Bend News-Times August 7, 1916 pg. 7

PROMOTION

Life of Soldier is Portrayed

The life of the soldier in camp and on the field of battle, is, it is announced, graphically portrayed in the new military spectacle, “Preparedness,” which is offered as the big feature of the Buffalo Bill (himself) 101 ranch shows this season. The combined shows are scheduled to exhibit in South Bend, Aug. 17, and the event will have a stirring interest for the public not only because of the realistic military display, but also because it will again introduce Col. William F. Cody (Buffalo Bill) as the real leader of America’s scouts and roughriders. The mere announcement that Buffalo Bill, the border hero of two generations, is again in the saddle, will send a ripple of delight across the continent.

“Preparedness,” the new military spectacle, is not merely a preachment for adequate preparation on the part of the people of the United States to forestall any possible aggression on the part of foreign nations, but it is also an exhibition of army life and action and color such as would scarcely be possible without the co-operation of the U. S. war department. That this co-operation has been forth-coming is evidenced by the fact that the soldiers utilized in the display are actually United States regulars, and have been “loaned” by the government in order to bring home to the public the necessity for providing an army adequate for its defense.

The military maneuvers, it is announced, are presented on a most elaborate and realistic scale. There are reviews and marches, in which all the various arms of the service are represented; there are cavalry drills and charges; there is mounted infantry; there is field artillery in action, and finally there is a battle with Indians in which, it is declared there are more thrills to the minute than ever before crowded into an exhibition of this kind. Incidental features of the military display are evolutions by Russian Cossacks, Arabs and Japanese cavalry, illustrating the training as well as the whirlwind riding of these intrepid military troops of the far east. 
