South Bend News-Times August 16, 1916 pg. 4

PROMOTION

BUFFALO BILL IS HERE THURSDAY

Boydom of South Bend Keyed Up in Anticipation of His Arrival

Curiosity in regard to the recently combined Buffalo Bill 101 Ranch shows will be satisfied Thursday, for the big show will be here with its military contingent, its Cossacks, its Arabs, its Japanese, its Indians, cowboys, cowgirls, Mexicans and other wild west notables, and all the other features that go to make up this great aggregation, including Buffalo Bill himself, the famous scout and Indian fighter, whose fame extends around the world.

The arrival of the show will undoubtedly stir things in Boydom at an unusually early hour. The unloading of the show trains is something that no normal boy can withstand, and when to the usual sights and scenes of the circus arrival is
***photo of a bronco rider***

Added the picturesque atmosphere supplied by several detachments of U S. regulars in service uniforms, cavalry, artillery and mounted infantry – hundred or more gaily decorated Indians, cowboys, cowgirls, scouts and old plainsmen, with a lively coloring of Russian Cossack, Arab, Japanese and Mexican soldiers, and a possible glimpse of Col. William F. Cody, the Buffalo Bill of Boyville’s most strenuous borderland romance, it would be marvelous indeed if any boy could resist its allurement.

As rapidly as possible the paraphernalia of the show will be unloaded and transferred to the Oliver field circus grounds, where the tents will be erected and arrangements completed for the preliminary military and frontier street parade and the two performances are to follow at 2:15 and 8:15. The establishing of the military and wild west camp is one of the most interesting events incident to show day.

The big feature of the performance, apart from Buffalo Bill, is the new military “preparedness” feature, which is said to be the most realistic display of its kind ever seen in an arena. Hundred of people including representatives from every branch of the U.S> military service will participate. A great battle between Uncle Sam’s soldiers and Sioux Indians will serve to illustrate the lightning methods of the “boys in khaki.” Buffalo Bill will be in the saddle at both performances.

The show has recently come from winter quarters and is said to present an especially attractive appearance. The parade, which is all new, will leave the grounds at 10:30 and pass over the usual down town route. The U. S. army recruiting tent will be open on the grounds all day. 
