Washington Davis County Democrat Sept. 28 1901 pg. 3
Harry Jennings Roughly Handled by a Mob. 
Soldiers, cowboys and Indians attempt to take him from the policemen
Monday's Daily. 
Harry Jennings, a young man of this city who has frequently been in trouble, would have probably been killed by a crowd of fifteen soldiers, cowboys, and Indians from Buffalo Bill's show last night had it not been for the nerve displayed by Sergeant Summers and Patrolman Jordan, who were assisted by a number of citizens.  
The trouble started in front of the Midway Saloon. Young Jennings saw a man standing in front of the Midway and, so it is alleged, knocked him down with a bed slat. The blow rendered him unconscious and he sank to the sidewalk with a groan. A crowd of showmen heard their comrade groan and when they found him lying unconscious with blood flowing from a gash in his head they became wild with rage. Mrs. Harry Jennings was in front of the Midway when the crowd began to congregate. She told the police her husband had struck the blow. A few minutes later Sergeant Summers and Patrolman Jordan captured Jennings and while in the act of starting to jail him with the crowd of showmen, composed a few cowboys, two Indians and eight or ten soldiers surrounded the officers and tried to take the prisoner from them. 
The Indians took no active part in the struggle for Jennings but they did all in their power to urge on their white companions. 
The soldier boys and cow punchers began striking and kicking Jennings and attempted to jerk him from the policemen. 
Someone yelled "Hey, Rube," which is the showman's battle cry and several other members of the show joined the crowd. "There's only two coppers; let's go after 'em," cried someone in the crowd and for a few seconds it looked like the policemen as well as the prisoner would receive rough treatment. 
Patrolman Jordan pulled his revolver and Sergeant Summers said: "If there are any citizens present I demand that they help protect this prisoner." Several brave men sprang to their aid and John Jones, one of the men who came to the rescue, reaching into Sergeant Summer's pocket, got a revolver which he leveled at the mob. 
Captain E. Ross Smith, whom a number of the soldiers well knew, appeared upon the scene at this juncture. He made a short address to the "boys" advising them to return to their car and do nothing more to break the peace. He told them a continuance of such conduct would result in their arrest and the subsequent loss of the jobs with the show. This had a quieting effect upon the men. The crowd dispersed and the officers took their prisoner to jail. Jennings was roughly handled by the showmen and he has several bruises which he is carefully nursing today. 
