Washington Davis County Democrat Sept. 28 1901
Buffalo Bill 
The Big Show in Washington Monday. 
A large crowd in town to witness the parade and see the greatest Wild West on Earth. 
Monday's Daily. 
Col. W. F. Cody's great Wild West show arrived on two special trains over the B. & O. S .W. Railway Sunday morning and the tents were stretched on the fairgrounds where hundreds of citizens took in the sights Sunday morning and afternoon. The tents cover more space than any show that ever exhibited there. 
This is the first time Buffalo Bill's show has visited Washington. A number of Cody's imitators have been here but they are as a tallow dip alongside of an electric arc light when compared with the great show that is here today. 
There is hardly an American home in which the name of Buffalo Bill is not familiar. "Bill" Cody helped make history and is himself a part of American history, having taken an active part in the wars on the frontier scene thirty years ago. 
The parade started at 9:50 o'clock and was the most novel ever witnessed in Washington. With the exception of the band wagon there were no grandly painted wagons. There were no elephants, no lions, and no women in tights- but there were horses, hundreds of 'em, and also a number of buffaloes, those fine animals of the plains, now so nearly extinct. 
First in the parade was a fife and drums corps, followed by Col. W. F. Cody (Buffalo Bill) in a carriage drawn by a pair of beautiful white horses. Mr. Cody doesn't look his age. The parade was made up of American, English and German soldiers; of Boers, Bedouins from Egypt, Indians, cowboys, etc. In the parade was the old Cheyenne stage coach, occupied by papooses. The Sixth United States artillery and a Mexican band attracted much attention. 
This afternoon a large crowd is attending the show and it is giving excellent satisfaction. 
Tonight the tents will be illuminated with brilliant electric lights and every act will be as distinct as during the day. Mr. Cody declares that the show tonight will be given in full, just as it was this afternoon. 
