Washington Davis County Democrat Sept. 21 1901
Just what it is and Wherein Buffalo Bill's Wild West and Congress of Rough Riders
A little editorial matter on an international subject. A few facts worthy of consideration. In the first place Buffalo Bill's Wild West is not a "show" in the general acceptance of that term, but an exhibition of world-wide resource and universal interest.

It is the first, the only, and must be the last of its kind because the class to which Col. W. F. Cody
(Buffalo Bill) belongs consists of ONE. He has never had a double. Then, who can take his place? His great exhibition is absolutely original and true to nature. It is the most intensely interesting and strangest entertainment ever organized or dreamed of. It is the only real object teacher history has ever had or recreation furnished. It is a veritable mirror of heroic manhood and the camp of the makers of a nation's history. It is an academy of equestrianism where Rough Riders graduate, and those schooled in hardships participate in the hazardous sports and pastimes of which the Great Plains and deserts are the natural playground. It is here that one sees the reality of imperishable deeds and feats of fearless skill, fashioned by necessity. The one presentment of grim-visaged war given under the banner of pleasure in the smiling face of peace. It is here that bravest men depict-the deeds that have made them famous in warfare, life saving and humanitarian acts. Men who have faced death in all its forms and successfully contended with opposing forces and fearful odds. Of such elements is the Wild West composed.
Its varied features embrace, realistic battle scenes, martial pageants, dazzling reviews, savage displays of frightful war and foray. All the latest episodes of national and international events are here depicted. The allied powers of the world are faithfully represented. Boers, Britons, Cossacks and Bedouins ride side by side.

Can you beat it? No, the world will never see its like again. And best of all, everything it presents is realism itself. No made-up mummies or crafty subterfuge. Every horseman is the hero he represents. The art he employs is the lesson of a life; the garb he wears is the uniform of the nation or tribe which he represents. The very bridle that curbs the neck of a prancing steed is of regulation make and pattern, and will stand the closest scrutiny. And at the head of this mighty host rides the originator upon fame's warpath, the last of the greater scouts, to whom our army's safety was entrusted, Col. W. F. Cody (Buffalo Bill). It will be here just as represented. The day and date is fixed. See the Grand Street Cavalcade and Review of the Rough Riders and convince yourself that ass we have said is true. The admission to this marvelous exhibition is 50 cents. Children under 9 25 cents. Reserved seats 50 cents extra and may be secured on the meaning of the exhibition date at the usual place: Mitchell's Pharmacy 217 Main Street.
